GET-ROLE-CREDENTIALS()                                  GET-ROLE-CREDENTIALS()



NAME
       get-role-credentials -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  STS  short-term credentials for a given role name that is
       assigned to the user.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-role-credentials
          --role-name <value>
          --account-id <value>
          --access-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-name (string)
          The friendly name of the role that is assigned to the user.

       --account-id (string)
          The identifier for the AWS account that is assigned to the user.

       --access-token (string)
          The token issued by the CreateToken API call. For more  information,
          see CreateToken in the AWS SSO OIDC API Reference Guide .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       roleCredentials -> (structure)
          The credentials for the role that is assigned to the user.

          accessKeyId -> (string)
              The  identifier used for the temporary security credentials. For
              more information, see Using Temporary  Security  Credentials  to
              Request Access to AWS Resources in the AWS IAM User Guide .

          secretAccessKey -> (string)
              The  key that is used to sign the request. For more information,
              see Using Temporary Security Credentials to  Request  Access  to
              AWS Resources in the AWS IAM User Guide .

          sessionToken -> (string)
              The  token used for temporary credentials. For more information,
              see Using Temporary Security Credentials to  Request  Access  to
              AWS Resources in the AWS IAM User Guide .

          expiration -> (long)
              The date on which temporary security credentials expire.



                                                        GET-ROLE-CREDENTIALS()
