ASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-TO-ACCOUNT()        ASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-TO-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       associate-service-role-to-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a Greengrass service role with IoT Greengrass for your Ama-
       zon Web Services account in this Amazon Web Services Region. IoT Green-
       grass  uses this role to verify the identity of client devices and man-
       age core device connectivity information. The  role  must  include  the
       AWSGreengrassResourceAccessRolePolicy managed policy or a custom policy
       that defines equivalent permissions for  the  IoT  Greengrass  features
       that  you use. For more information, see Greengrass service role in the
       IoT Greengrass Version 2 Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-service-role-to-account
          --role-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the service role to associate with
          IoT  Greengrass  for your Amazon Web Services account in this Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       associatedAt -> (string)
          The time when the service role was associated  with  IoT  Greengrass
          for  your  Amazon  Web  Services account in this Amazon Web Services
          Region.



                                           ASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-TO-ACCOUNT()
