ADD-TAGS()                                                          ADD-TAGS()



NAME
       add-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  one  or  more tags to a trail, up to a limit of 50. Overwrites an
       existing tag's value when a new value is specified for an existing  tag
       key. Tag key names must be unique for a trail; you cannot have two keys
       with the same name but different values. If you specify a key without a
       value,  the  tag  will be created with the specified key and a value of
       null. You can tag a trail that  applies  to  all  Amazon  Web  Services
       Regions only from the Region in which the trail was created (also known
       as its home region).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-tags
          --resource-id <value>
          --tags-list <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          Specifies the ARN of the trail to which one or  more  tags  will  be
          added. The format of a trail ARN is:
              arn:aws:cloudtrail:us-east-2:123456789012:trail/MyTrail

       --tags-list (list)
          Contains a list of tags, up to a limit of 50

          (structure)
              A  custom  key-value  pair  associated with a resource such as a
              CloudTrail trail.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key in a key-value pair. The  key  must  be  must  be  no
                 longer  than  128  Unicode characters. The key must be unique
                 for the resource to which it applies.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value in a key-value pair of a tag. The value must be  no
                 longer than 256 Unicode characters.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add tags to trail

       The following add-tags command adds tags for Trail1:

          aws cloudtrail add-tags --resource-id arn:aws:cloudtrail:us-east-1:123456789012:trail/Trail1 --tags-list Key=name,Value=Alice Key=location,Value=us

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                    ADD-TAGS()
