DELETE-SESSION()                                              DELETE-SESSION()



NAME
       delete-session -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes session information for a specified bot, alias, and user ID.

       You  can  use this operation to restart a conversation with a bot. When
       you remove a session, the entire history of the session is  removed  so
       that you can start again.

       You don't need to delete a session. Sessions have a time limit and will
       expire. Set the session time limit when you create the bot. The default
       is  5  minutes,  but  you  can specify anything between 1 minute and 24
       hours.

       If you specify a bot or alias ID that  doesn't  exist,  you  receive  a
       BadRequestException.

       If  the  locale  doesn't exist in the bot, or if the locale hasn't been
       enables for the alias, you receive a BadRequestException .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-session
          --bot-id <value>
          --bot-alias-id <value>
          --locale-id <value>
          --session-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bot-id (string)
          The identifier of the bot that contains the session data.

       --bot-alias-id (string)
          The alias identifier in use for the bot that  contains  the  session
          data.

       --locale-id (string)
          The locale where the session is in use.

       --session-id (string)
          The identifier of the session to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       botId -> (string)
          The identifier of the bot that contained the session data.

       botAliasId -> (string)
          The  alias  identifier in use for the bot that contained the session
          data.

       localeId -> (string)
          The locale where the session was used.

       sessionId -> (string)
          The identifier of the deleted session.



                                                              DELETE-SESSION()
