ASSOCIATE-APPROVAL-RULE-TEMPASSOCIATE-APPROVAL-RULE-TEMPLATE-WITH-REPOSITORY()



NAME
       associate-approval-rule-template-with-repository -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an  association between an approval rule template and a speci-
       fied repository. Then, the next time a pull request is created  in  the
       repository  where  the destination reference (if specified) matches the
       destination reference (branch) for the pull request, an  approval  rule
       that  matches the template conditions is automatically created for that
       pull request. If no destination references are specified  in  the  tem-
       plate,  an  approval rule that matches the template contents is created
       for all pull requests in that repository.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-approval-rule-template-with-repository
          --approval-rule-template-name <value>
          --repository-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --approval-rule-template-name (string)
          The name for the approval rule template.

       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository that you want to associate with the  tem-
          plate.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate an approval rule template with a repository

       The  following associate-approval-rule-template-with-repository example
       associates the specified approval rule template with a repository named
       MyDemoRepo.

          aws codecommit associate-approval-rule-template-with-repository \
              --repository-name MyDemoRepo  \
              --approval-rule-template-name 2-approver-rule-for-main

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Associate an Approval Rule Template with a
       Repository in the AWS CodeCommit User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                            ASSOCIATE-APPROVAL-RULE-TEMPLATE-WITH-REPOSITORY()
