DESCRIBE-INTERCONNECT-LOA()                        DESCRIBE-INTERCONNECT-LOA()



NAME
       describe-interconnect-loa -

DESCRIPTION
       Deprecated. Use  DescribeLoa instead.

       Gets the LOA-CFA for the specified interconnect.

       The  Letter of Authorization - Connecting Facility Assignment (LOA-CFA)
       is a document that is used when establishing your cross connect to Ama-
       zon  Web Services at the colocation facility. For more information, see
       Requesting Cross Connects at Direct Connect  Locations  in  the  Direct
       Connect User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-interconnect-loa
          --interconnect-id <value>
          [--provider-name <value>]
          [--loa-content-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --interconnect-id (string)
          The ID of the interconnect.

       --provider-name (string)
          The  name  of  the  service provider who establishes connectivity on
          your behalf. If you supply this parameter,  the  LOA-CFA  lists  the
          provider  name  alongside  your company name as the requester of the
          cross connect.

       --loa-content-type (string)
          The standard media type for the LOA-CFA document. The only supported
          value is application/pdf.

          Possible values:

          o application/pdf

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe your LOA-CFA for an interconnect using Linux or Mac OS X

       The   following   example   describes  your  LOA-CFA  for  interconnect
       dxcon-fh6ayh1d. The contents of the LOA-CFA  are  base64-encoded.  This
       command  uses the --output and --query parameters to control the output
       and extract the contents of the loaContent structure. The final part of
       the command decodes the content using the base64 utility, and sends the
       output to a PDF file.

          aws directconnect describe-interconnect-loa --interconnect-id dxcon-fh6ayh1d --output text --query loa.loaContent|base64 --decode > myLoaCfa.pdf

       To describe your LOA-CFA for an interconnect using Windows

       The previous example requires the use of the base64 utility  to  decode
       the output. On a Windows computer, you can use certutil instead. In the
       following example, the first command describes your LOA-CFA for  inter-
       connect  dxcon-fh6ayh1d and uses the --output and --query parameters to
       control the output and extract the contents of the loaContent structure
       to  a file called myLoaCfa.base64. The second command uses the certutil
       utility to decode the file and send the output to a PDF file.

          aws directconnect describe-interconnect-loa --interconnect-id dxcon-fh6ayh1d --output text --query loa.loaContent > myLoaCfa.base64

          certutil -decode myLoaCfa.base64 myLoaCfa.pdf

       For more information about controlling AWS CLI output, see  Controlling
       Command  Output  from the AWS Command Line Interface in the AWS Command
       Line Interface User Guide.

OUTPUT
       loa -> (structure)
          The  Letter  of  Authorization  -  Connecting  Facility   Assignment
          (LOA-CFA).

          loaContent -> (blob)
              The binary contents of the LOA-CFA document.

          loaContentType -> (string)
              The  standard media type for the LOA-CFA document. The only sup-
              ported value is application/pdf.



                                                   DESCRIBE-INTERCONNECT-LOA()
