ASSOCIATE-EXTERNAL-CONNECTION()                ASSOCIATE-EXTERNAL-CONNECTION()



NAME
       associate-external-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds an existing external connection to a repository. One external con-
       nection is allowed per repository.

       NOTE:
          A repository can have one  or  more  upstream  repositories,  or  an
          external connection.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-external-connection
          --domain <value>
          [--domain-owner <value>]
          --repository <value>
          --external-connection <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain that contains the repository.

       --domain-owner (string)
          The 12-digit account number of the AWS account that owns the domain.
          It does not include dashes or spaces.

       --repository (string)
          The name of the repository  to  which  the  external  connection  is
          added.

       --external-connection (string)
          The  name  of  the external connection to add to the repository. The
          following values are supported:

          o public:npmjs - for the npm public repository.

          o public:pypi - for the Python Package Index.

          o public:maven-central - for Maven Central.

          o public:maven-googleandroid - for the Google Android repository.

          o public:maven-gradleplugins - for the Gradle plugins repository.

          o public:maven-commonsware - for the CommonsWare Android repository.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add an external connection to a repository

       The  following  associate-external-connection  example adds an external
       connection to npmjs.com to a repository named test-repo.

          aws codeartifact associate-external-connection \
              --repository test-repo \
              --domain test-domain \
              --external-connection public:npmjs

       Output:

          {
              "repository": {
                  "name": "test-repo",
                  "administratorAccount": "111122223333",
                  "domainName": "test-domain",
                  "domainOwner": "111122223333",
                  "arn": "arn:aws:codeartifact:us-west-2:111122223333:repository/test-domain/test-repo",
                  "upstreams": [],
                  "externalConnections": [
                      {
                          "externalConnectionName": "public:npmjs",
                          "packageFormat": "npm",
                          "status": "AVAILABLE"
                      }
                  ]
              }
          }

       For more information,  see  Add  an  external  connection  in  the  AWS
       CodeArtifact User Guide.

OUTPUT
       repository -> (structure)
          Information  about  the  connected  repository  after processing the
          request.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the repository.

          administratorAccount -> (string)
              The 12-digit account number of the AWS account that manages  the
              repository.

          domainName -> (string)
              The name of the domain that contains the repository.

          domainOwner -> (string)
              The  12-digit  account  number  of the AWS account that owns the
              domain that contains the repository. It does not include  dashes
              or spaces.

          arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the repository.

          description -> (string)
              A text description of the repository.

          upstreams -> (list)
              A  list  of  upstream repositories to associate with the reposi-
              tory. The order of the upstream repositories in the list  deter-
              mines  their  priority  order  when AWS CodeArtifact looks for a
              requested package version. For  more  information,  see  Working
              with upstream repositories .

              (structure)
                 Information about an upstream repository.

                 repositoryName -> (string)
                     The name of an upstream repository.

          externalConnections -> (list)
              An array of external connections associated with the repository.

              (structure)
                 Contains information  about  the  external  connection  of  a
                 repository.

                 externalConnectionName -> (string)
                     The  name  of  the  external connection associated with a
                     repository.

                 packageFormat -> (string)
                     The package format associated with a repository's  exter-
                     nal connection. The valid package formats are:

                     o npm : A Node Package Manager (npm) package.

                     o pypi : A Python Package Index (PyPI) package.

                     o maven  : A Maven package that contains compiled code in
                       a distributable format, such as a JAR file.

                 status -> (string)
                     The status of the external connection  of  a  repository.
                     There is one valid value, Available .



                                               ASSOCIATE-EXTERNAL-CONNECTION()
