BATCH-EVALUATE-FEATURE()                              BATCH-EVALUATE-FEATURE()



NAME
       batch-evaluate-feature -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  assigns  feature  variation to user sessions. For each
       user session, you pass in an entityID that represents  the  user.  Evi-
       dently then checks the evaluation rules and assigns the variation.

       The  first  rules  that  are  evaluated  are the override rules. If the
       user's entityID matches an override rule, the user is served the varia-
       tion specified by that rule.

       Next,  if  there is a launch of the feature, the user might be assigned
       to a variation in the launch. The chance of this depends  on  the  per-
       centage  of  users  that  are  allocated to that launch. If the user is
       enrolled in the launch, the variation they are served  depends  on  the
       allocation of the various feature variations used for the launch.

       If the user is not assigned to a launch, and there is an ongoing exper-
       iment for this feature, the user might be assigned to  a  variation  in
       the  experiment.  The chance of this depends on the percentage of users
       that are allocated to that experiment. If the user is enrolled  in  the
       experiment,  the variation they are served depends on the allocation of
       the various feature variations used for the experiment.

       If the user is not assigned to a launch or experiment, they are  served
       the default variation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-evaluate-feature
          --project <value>
          --requests <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project (string)
          The name or ARN of the project that contains the feature being eval-
          uated.

       --requests (list)
          An array of structures, where each structure assigns a feature vari-
          ation to one user session.

          (structure)
              This  structure assigns a feature variation to one user session.

              entityId -> (string)
                 An internal ID that represents a unique user session  of  the
                 application.  This  entityID  is checked against any override
                 rules assigned for this feature.

              evaluationContext -> (string)
                 A JSON block of attributes that you can optionally  pass  in.
                 This  JSON block is included in the evaluation events sent to
                 Evidently from the user session.

              feature -> (string)
                 The name of the feature being evaluated.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          entityId=string,evaluationContext=string,feature=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "entityId": "string",
              "evaluationContext": "string",
              "feature": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       results -> (list)
          An array of structures, where each structure displays the results of
          one feature evaluation assignment to one user session.

          (structure)
              This  structure  displays  the results of one feature evaluation
              assignment to one user session.

              details -> (string)
                 If this user was assigned to a  launch  or  experiment,  this
                 field lists the launch or experiment name.

              entityId -> (string)
                 An  internal  ID that represents a unique user session of the
                 application.

              feature -> (string)
                 The name of the feature being evaluated.

              project -> (string)
                 The name or ARN of the  project  that  contains  the  feature
                 being evaluated.

              reason -> (string)
                 Specifies  the reason that the user session was assigned this
                 variation. Possible values include DEFAULT , meaning the user
                 was  served the default variation; LAUNCH_RULE_MATCH , if the
                 user  session  was  enrolled  in   a   launch;   or   EXPERI-
                 MENT_RULE_MATCH  ,  if  the  user  session was enrolled in an
                 experiment.

              value -> (structure)
                 The value assigned to this variation to differentiate it from
                 the other variations of this feature.

                 boolValue -> (boolean)
                     If  this  feature  uses  the Boolean variation type, this
                     field contains the Boolean value of this variation.

                 doubleValue -> (double)
                     If this feature uses the double integer  variation  type,
                     this  field  contains  the  double  integer value of this
                     variation.

                 longValue -> (long)
                     If this feature uses the long variation type, this  field
                     contains the long value of this variation.

                 stringValue -> (string)
                     If  this  feature  uses  the  string variation type, this
                     field contains the string value of this variation.

              variation -> (string)
                 The name of the variation that was served to  the  user  ses-
                 sion.



                                                      BATCH-EVALUATE-FEATURE()
