ACCEPT-ENVIRONMENT-ACCOUNT-CONNECTION()ACCEPT-ENVIRONMENT-ACCOUNT-CONNECTION()



NAME
       accept-environment-account-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       In  a  management account, an environment account connection request is
       accepted. When the environment account connection request is  accepted,
       Proton  can use the associated IAM role to provision environment infra-
       structure resources in the associated environment account.

       For more information, see Environment account connections in the Proton
       Administrator guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            accept-environment-account-connection
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the environment account connection.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       environmentAccountConnection -> (structure)
          The environment account connection data that's returned by Proton.

          arn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the environment account con-
              nection.

          environmentAccountId -> (string)
              The environment account  that's  connected  to  the  environment
              account connection.

          environmentName -> (string)
              The  name of the environment that's associated with the environ-
              ment account connection.

          id -> (string)
              The ID of the environment account connection.

          lastModifiedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the environment account connection was last  modi-
              fied.

          managementAccountId -> (string)
              The  ID  of the management account that's connected to the envi-
              ronment account connection.

          requestedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the environment  account  connection  request  was
              made.

          roleArn -> (string)
              The  IAM  service  role  that's  associated with the environment
              account connection.

          status -> (string)
              The status of the environment account connection.



                                       ACCEPT-ENVIRONMENT-ACCOUNT-CONNECTION()
