DELETE-SESSION()                                              DELETE-SESSION()



NAME
       delete-session -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes session information for a specified bot, alias, and user ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-session
          --bot-name <value>
          --bot-alias <value>
          --user-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bot-name (string)
          The name of the bot that contains the session data.

       --bot-alias (string)
          The alias in use for the bot that contains the session data.

       --user-id (string)
          The identifier of the user associated with the session data.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       botName -> (string)
          The name of the bot associated with the session data.

       botAlias -> (string)
          The alias in use for the bot associated with the session data.

       userId -> (string)
          The ID of the client application user.

       sessionId -> (string)
          The unique identifier for the session.



                                                              DELETE-SESSION()
