CREATE-CLUSTER()                                              CREATE-CLUSTER()



NAME
       create-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Create  a  new  cluster.  A cluster is a set of redundant Regional end-
       points against which you can run API calls to update or get  the  state
       of  one or more routing controls. Each cluster has a name, status, Ama-
       zon Resource Name (ARN), and an array of  the  five  cluster  endpoints
       (one  for  each  supported Amazon Web Services Region) that you can use
       with API calls to the cluster data plane.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-cluster
          [--client-token <value>]
          --cluster-name <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-token (string)
          A unique, case-sensitive string of up to  64  ASCII  characters.  To
          make  an  idempotent  API  request  with an action, specify a client
          token in the request.

       --cluster-name (string)
          The name of the cluster.

       --tags (map)
          The tags associated with the cluster.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Cluster -> (structure)
          The cluster that was created.

          ClusterArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster.

          ClusterEndpoints -> (list)
              Endpoints for a cluster. Specify one of these endpoints when you
              want  to set or retrieve a routing control state in the cluster.

              To get or update the routing control state, see the Amazon Route
              53 Application Recovery Controller Routing Control Actions.

              (structure)
                 A  cluster endpoint. Specify an endpoint when you want to set
                 or retrieve a routing control state in the cluster.

                 Endpoint -> (string)
                     A cluster endpoint. Specify an endpoint  and  Amazon  Web
                     Services  Region when you want to set or retrieve a rout-
                     ing control state in the cluster.

                     To get or update the routing control state, see the  Ama-
                     zon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller Routing Con-
                     trol Actions.

                 Region -> (string)
                     The Amazon Web Services Region for a cluster endpoint.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the cluster.

          Status -> (string)
              Deployment status of a resource. Status can be one of  the  fol-
              lowing: PENDING, DEPLOYED, PENDING_DELETION.



                                                              CREATE-CLUSTER()
