CANCEL-JOB-RUN()                                              CANCEL-JOB-RUN()



NAME
       cancel-job-run -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  a  job  run. A job run is a unit of work, such as a Spark jar,
       PySpark script, or SparkSQL query, that you submit  to  Amazon  EMR  on
       EKS.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-job-run
          --id <value>
          --virtual-cluster-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the job run to cancel.

       --virtual-cluster-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the  virtual cluster for which the job run will be can-
          celed.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       id -> (string)
          The output contains the ID of the cancelled job run.

       virtualClusterId -> (string)
          The output contains the virtual cluster ID for which the job run  is
          cancelled.



                                                              CANCEL-JOB-RUN()
