GET-ROUTING-CONTROL-STATE()                        GET-ROUTING-CONTROL-STATE()



NAME
       get-routing-control-state -

DESCRIPTION
       Get  the  state  for  a  routing control. A routing control is a simple
       on/off switch that you can use to route  traffic  to  cells.  When  the
       state  is  On, traffic flows to a cell. When it's off, traffic does not
       flow.

       Before you can create a routing control, you first must create a  clus-
       ter  to  host  the  control.  For more information, see CreateCluster .
       Access one of the endpoints for the cluster to get or update the  rout-
       ing control state to redirect traffic.

       For  more  information about working with routing controls, see Routing
       control in the  Route  53  Application  Recovery  Controller  Developer
       Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-routing-control-state
          --routing-control-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --routing-control-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Number (ARN) for the routing control that you
          want to get the state for.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RoutingControlArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the response.

       RoutingControlState -> (string)
          The state of the routing control.



                                                   GET-ROUTING-CONTROL-STATE()
