DESCRIBE-GROUP()                                              DESCRIBE-GROUP()



NAME
       describe-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the group metadata and attributes from GroupId in an identity
       store.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-group
          --identity-store-id <value>
          --group-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-store-id (string)
          The globally unique identifier  for  the  identity  store,  such  as
          d-1234567890 . In this example, d- is a fixed prefix, and 1234567890
          is a randomly generated string that contains number and  lower  case
          letters.  This  value  is  generated at the time that a new identity
          store is created.

       --group-id (string)
          The identifier for a group in the identity store.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GroupId -> (string)
          The identifier for a group in the identity store.

       DisplayName -> (string)
          Contains the groups display name value. The length  limit  is  1,024
          characters.  This value can consist of letters, accented characters,
          symbols, numbers,  punctuation,  tab,  new  line,  carriage  return,
          space, and nonbreaking space in this attribute. The characters <>;:%
          are excluded. This value is specified at the time that the group  is
          created  and stored as an attribute of the group object in the iden-
          tity store.



                                                              DESCRIBE-GROUP()
