ASSOCIATE-TRACKER-CONSUMER()                      ASSOCIATE-TRACKER-CONSUMER()



NAME
       associate-tracker-consumer -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an  association  between  a  geofence collection and a tracker
       resource. This allows the tracker resource to communicate location data
       to the linked geofence collection.

       You  can  associate  up  to  five  geofence collections to each tracker
       resource.

       NOTE:
          Currently not supported  Cross-account configurations, such as  cre-
          ating  associations  between a tracker resource in one account and a
          geofence collection in another account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-tracker-consumer
          --consumer-arn <value>
          --tracker-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --consumer-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the  geofence  collection  to  be
          associated  to  tracker  resource.  Used  when you need to specify a
          resource across all AWS.

          o Format   example:   arn:aws:geo:region:account-id:geofence-collec-
            tion/ExampleGeofenceCollectionConsumer

       --tracker-name (string)
          The  name  of  the tracker resource to be associated with a geofence
          collection.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  ASSOCIATE-TRACKER-CONSUMER()
