ASSOCIATE-ALIAS()                                            ASSOCIATE-ALIAS()



NAME
       associate-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates an alias (also known as a CNAME or an alternate domain name)
       with a CloudFront distribution.

       With this operation you can move an alias thats already  in  use  on  a
       CloudFront  distribution  to a different distribution in one step. This
       prevents the downtime that could occur if you first  remove  the  alias
       from one distribution and then separately add the alias to another dis-
       tribution.

       To use this operation to associate an alias with  a  distribution,  you
       provide  the alias and the ID of the target distribution for the alias.
       For more information, including how to set up the target  distribution,
       prerequisites  that  you  must  complete,  and  other restrictions, see
       Moving an alternate domain name to a different distribution in the Ama-
       zon CloudFront Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-alias
          --target-distribution-id <value>
          --alias <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target-distribution-id (string)
          The ID of the distribution that youre associating the alias with.

       --alias (string)
          The alias (also known as a CNAME) to add to the target distribution.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             ASSOCIATE-ALIAS()
