COMPLETE-SNAPSHOT()                                        COMPLETE-SNAPSHOT()



NAME
       complete-snapshot -

DESCRIPTION
       Seals  and  completes  the snapshot after all of the required blocks of
       data have been written to it. Completing the snapshot changes the  sta-
       tus  to  completed . You cannot write new blocks to a snapshot after it
       has been completed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            complete-snapshot
          --snapshot-id <value>
          --changed-blocks-count <value>
          [--checksum <value>]
          [--checksum-algorithm <value>]
          [--checksum-aggregation-method <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --snapshot-id (string)
          The ID of the snapshot.

       --changed-blocks-count (integer)
          The number of blocks that were written to the snapshot.

       --checksum (string)
          An aggregated Base-64 SHA256 checksum based on the checksums of each
          written block.

          To  generate  the  aggregated  checksum using the linear aggregation
          method, arrange the checksums for each written  block  in  ascending
          order  of  their  block  index,  concatenate  them  to form a single
          string, and then generate the checksum on the  entire  string  using
          the SHA256 algorithm.

       --checksum-algorithm (string)
          The  algorithm  used  to  generate the checksum. Currently, the only
          supported algorithm is SHA256 .

          Possible values:

          o SHA256

       --checksum-aggregation-method (string)
          The aggregation method used to generate the checksum. Currently, the
          only supported aggregation method is LINEAR .

          Possible values:

          o LINEAR

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Status -> (string)
          The status of the snapshot.



                                                           COMPLETE-SNAPSHOT()
