ASSOCIATE-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()                            ASSOCIATE-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       associate-admin-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the Firewall Manager administrator account. The account must be a
       member of the organization in Organizations whose resources you want to
       protect.  Firewall  Manager sets the permissions that allow the account
       to administer your Firewall Manager policies.

       The account that you associate with  Firewall  Manager  is  called  the
       Firewall Manager administrator account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-admin-account
          --admin-account <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --admin-account (string)
          The  Amazon  Web Services account ID to associate with Firewall Man-
          ager as the Firewall Manager administrator account. This must be  an
          Organizations  member  account. For more information about Organiza-
          tions, see Managing the Amazon Web Services Accounts in Your Organi-
          zation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set the Firewall Manager administrator account

       The  following  associate-admin-account  example sets the administrator
       account for Firewall Manager.

          aws fms associate-admin-account \
              --admin-account 123456789012

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Set the AWS  Firewall  Manager  Administrator
       Account  in  the AWS WAF, AWS Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield Advanced
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     ASSOCIATE-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()
