DELETE-REPORT-DEFINITION()                          DELETE-REPORT-DEFINITION()



NAME
       delete-report-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified report.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-report-definition
          [--report-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --report-name (string)
          The  name  of  the  report that you want to delete. The name must be
          unique, is case sensitive, and can't include spaces.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an AWS Cost and Usage Report

       This example deletes an AWS Cost and Usage Report.

       Command:

          aws cur --region us-east-1 delete-report-definition --report-name "ExampleReport"

OUTPUT
       ResponseMessage -> (string)
          Whether the deletion was successful or not.



                                                    DELETE-REPORT-DEFINITION()
