GET-BUCKET-NOTIFICATION()                            GET-BUCKET-NOTIFICATION()



NAME
       get-bucket-notification -

DESCRIPTION
       No longer used, see GetBucketNotificationConfiguration .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-bucket-notification
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The  name of the bucket for which to get the notification configura-
          tion.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is  owned
          by  a  different  account,  the  request  will fail with an HTTP 403
          (Access Denied) error.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command retrieves the notification  configuration  for  a
       bucket named my-bucket:

          aws s3api get-bucket-notification --bucket my-bucket

       Output:

          {
              "TopicConfiguration": {
                  "Topic": "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:my-notification-topic",
                  "Id": "YmQzMmEwM2EjZWVlI0NGItNzVtZjI1MC00ZjgyLWZDBiZWNl",
                  "Event": "s3:ObjectCreated:*",
                  "Events": [
                      "s3:ObjectCreated:*"
                  ]
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       TopicConfiguration -> (structure)
          This data type is deprecated. A container for specifying the config-
          uration for publication of messages to an Amazon Simple Notification
          Service  (Amazon SNS) topic when Amazon S3 detects specified events.

          Id -> (string)
              An optional unique identifier for configurations in a  notifica-
              tion  configuration.  If  you  don't provide one, Amazon S3 will
              assign an ID.

          Events -> (list)
              A collection of events related to objects

              (string)
                 The bucket event for which to send notifications.

          Event -> (string)
              Bucket event for which to send notifications.

          Topic -> (string)
              Amazon SNS topic to which Amazon S3 will publish  a  message  to
              report the specified events for the bucket.

       QueueConfiguration -> (structure)
          This  data type is deprecated. This data type specifies the configu-
          ration for publishing messages to an  Amazon  Simple  Queue  Service
          (Amazon SQS) queue when Amazon S3 detects specified events.

          Id -> (string)
              An  optional unique identifier for configurations in a notifica-
              tion configuration. If you don't provide  one,  Amazon  S3  will
              assign an ID.

          Event -> (string)
              The bucket event for which to send notifications.

          Events -> (list)
              A collection of bucket events for which to send notifications.

              (string)
                 The bucket event for which to send notifications.

          Queue -> (string)
              The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SQS queue to which
              Amazon S3 publishes a message when  it  detects  events  of  the
              specified type.

       CloudFunctionConfiguration -> (structure)
          Container for specifying the Lambda notification configuration.

          Id -> (string)
              An  optional unique identifier for configurations in a notifica-
              tion configuration. If you don't provide  one,  Amazon  S3  will
              assign an ID.

          Event -> (string)
              The bucket event for which to send notifications.

          Events -> (list)
              Bucket events for which to send notifications.

              (string)
                 The bucket event for which to send notifications.

          CloudFunction -> (string)
              Lambda  cloud  function  ARN  that  Amazon S3 can invoke when it
              detects events of the specified type.

          InvocationRole -> (string)
              The role supporting the invocation of the Lambda function



                                                     GET-BUCKET-NOTIFICATION()
