DELETE-ALARMS()                                                DELETE-ALARMS()



NAME
       delete-alarms -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  alarms. You can delete up to 100 alarms in one
       operation. However, this total can include no more than  one  composite
       alarm. For example, you could delete 99 metric alarms and one composite
       alarms with one operation, but you can't delete  two  composite  alarms
       with one operation.

       In the event of an error, no alarms are deleted.

       NOTE:
          It  is possible to create a loop or cycle of composite alarms, where
          composite alarm A depends on composite alarm B, and composite  alarm
          B  also  depends  on  composite alarm A. In this scenario, you can't
          delete any composite alarm that is part of the cycle  because  there
          is  always  still  a composite alarm that depends on that alarm that
          you want to delete.

          To get out of such a situation, you must break the cycle by changing
          the  rule  of  one  of the composite alarms in the cycle to remove a
          dependency that creates the cycle. The simplest change  to  make  to
          break  a  cycle  is  to change the AlarmRule of one of the alarms to
          False .

          Additionally, the evaluation of composite alarms stops if CloudWatch
          detects a cycle in the evaluation path.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-alarms
          --alarm-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alarm-names (list)
          The alarms to be deleted.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an alarm

       The following example uses the delete-alarms command to delete the Ama-
       zon CloudWatch alarm named "myalarm":

          aws cloudwatch delete-alarms --alarm-names myalarm

       Output:

          This command returns to the prompt if successful.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-ALARMS()
