CANCEL-JOURNAL-KINESIS-STREAM()                CANCEL-JOURNAL-KINESIS-STREAM()



NAME
       cancel-journal-kinesis-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Ends  a  given  Amazon QLDB journal stream. Before a stream can be can-
       celed, its current status must be ACTIVE .

       You can't restart a stream after you cancel it.  Canceled  QLDB  stream
       resources are subject to a 7-day retention period, so they are automat-
       ically deleted after this limit expires.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-journal-kinesis-stream
          --ledger-name <value>
          --stream-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ledger-name (string)
          The name of the ledger.

       --stream-id (string)
          The UUID (represented in Base62-encoded text) of  the  QLDB  journal
          stream to be canceled.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel a journal stream

       The  following cancel-journal-kinesis-stream example cancels the speci-
       fied journal stream from a ledger.

          aws qldb cancel-journal-kinesis-stream \
              --ledger-name myExampleLedger \
              --stream-id 7ISCkqwe4y25YyHLzYUFAf

       Output:

          {
              "StreamId": "7ISCkqwe4y25YyHLzYUFAf"
          }

       For more information, see Streaming journal data from  Amazon  QLDB  in
       the Amazon QLDB Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       StreamId -> (string)
          The  UUID (Base62-encoded text) of the canceled QLDB journal stream.



                                               CANCEL-JOURNAL-KINESIS-STREAM()
