ACCEPT-PORTFOLIO-SHARE()                              ACCEPT-PORTFOLIO-SHARE()



NAME
       accept-portfolio-share -

DESCRIPTION
       Accepts an offer to share the specified portfolio.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            accept-portfolio-share
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --portfolio-id <value>
          [--portfolio-share-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --portfolio-id (string)
          The portfolio identifier.

       --portfolio-share-type (string)
          The  type  of  shared portfolios to accept. The default is to accept
          imported portfolios.

          o AWS_ORGANIZATIONS - Accept portfolios  shared  by  the  management
            account of your organization.

          o IMPORTED - Accept imported portfolios.

          o AWS_SERVICECATALOG - Not supported. (Throws ResourceNotFoundExcep-
            tion.)

          For example,  aws  servicecatalog  accept-portfolio-share  --portfo-
          lio-id "port-2qwzkwxt3y5fk" --portfolio-share-type AWS_ORGANIZATIONS

          Possible values:

          o IMPORTED

          o AWS_SERVICECATALOG

          o AWS_ORGANIZATIONS

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To accept a portfolio share

       The following accept-portfolio-share example accepts an offer, made  by
       another user, to share the specified portfolio.

          aws servicecatalog accept-portfolio-share \
              --portfolio-id port-2s6wuabcdefghijk

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      ACCEPT-PORTFOLIO-SHARE()
