CANCEL-TASK-EXECUTION()                                CANCEL-TASK-EXECUTION()



NAME
       cancel-task-execution -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels execution of a task.

       When  you  cancel  a  task  execution,  the  transfer  of some files is
       abruptly interrupted. The contents of files that are transferred to the
       destination  might be incomplete or inconsistent with the source files.
       However, if you start a new task execution on the  same  task  and  you
       allow  the  task execution to complete, file content on the destination
       is complete and consistent. This applies to other  unexpected  failures
       that  interrupt  a task execution. In all of these cases, DataSync suc-
       cessfully complete the transfer when you start the next task execution.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-task-execution
          --task-execution-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --task-execution-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the task execution to cancel.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       CANCEL-TASK-EXECUTION()
