ADD-CLIENT-ID-TO-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PRADD-CLIENT-ID-TO-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()



NAME
       add-client-id-to-open-id-connect-provider -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds a new client ID (also known as audience) to the list of client IDs
       already registered for the specified IAM OpenID Connect (OIDC) provider
       resource.

       This  operation  is  idempotent; it does not fail or return an error if
       you add an existing client ID to the provider.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-client-id-to-open-id-connect-provider
          --open-id-connect-provider-arn <value>
          --client-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --open-id-connect-provider-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  the  IAM  OpenID  Connect  (OIDC)
          provider  resource  to  add  the client ID to. You can get a list of
          OIDC provider ARNs by using the   ListOpenIDConnectProviders  opera-
          tion.

       --client-id (string)
          The client ID (also known as audience) to add to the IAM OpenID Con-
          nect provider resource.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add a client ID (audience) to an Open-ID Connect (OIDC) provider

       The following  add-client-id-to-open-id-connect-provider  command  adds
       the client ID my-application-ID to the OIDC provider named server.exam-
       ple.com:

          aws iam add-client-id-to-open-id-connect-provider --client-id my-application-ID --open-id-connect-provider-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:oidc-provider/server.example.com

       To create an OIDC  provider,  use  the  create-open-id-connect-provider
       command.

       For  more  information,  see Using OpenID Connect Identity Providers in
       the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                   ADD-CLIENT-ID-TO-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()
