ACCEPT-INVITATION()                                        ACCEPT-INVITATION()



NAME
       accept-invitation -

DESCRIPTION
       Accepts  an  invitation  for the member account to contribute data to a
       behavior graph. This operation can only be called by an invited  member
       account.

       The request provides the ARN of behavior graph.

       The member account status in the graph must be INVITED .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            accept-invitation
          --graph-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --graph-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of the behavior graph that the member account is accepting
          the invitation for.

          The member account status in the behavior graph must be INVITED .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To accept an invitation to become a member account in a behavior graph

       The following accept-invitation example accepts an invitation to become
       a     member     account     in     behavior    graph    arn:aws:detec-
       tive:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:123412341234.

          aws detective accept-invitation \
              --graph-arn arn:aws:detective:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:123412341234

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Responding to a behavior graph invitation  in
       the Amazon Detective Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           ACCEPT-INVITATION()
