ADD-APPLICATION-CLOUD-WATCH-LOGGINADD-APPLICATION-CLOUD-WATCH-LOGGING-OPTION()



NAME
       add-application-cloud-watch-logging-option -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This  documentation is for version 1 of the Amazon Kinesis Data Ana-
          lytics API, which only supports SQL applications. Version 2  of  the
          API  supports  SQL and Java applications. For more information about
          version 2, see Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics API V2 Documentation  .

       Adds  a  CloudWatch  log  stream  to  monitor application configuration
       errors. For more information about using CloudWatch  log  streams  with
       Amazon  Kinesis  Analytics applications, see Working with Amazon Cloud-
       Watch Logs .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-application-cloud-watch-logging-option
          --application-name <value>
          --current-application-version-id <value>
          --cloud-watch-logging-option <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          The Kinesis Analytics application name.

       --current-application-version-id (long)
          The version ID of the Kinesis Analytics application.

       --cloud-watch-logging-option (structure)
          Provides the CloudWatch log stream Amazon Resource  Name  (ARN)  and
          the IAM role ARN. Note: To write application messages to CloudWatch,
          the IAM role that is used must have the PutLogEvents  policy  action
          enabled.

          LogStreamARN -> (string)
              ARN of the CloudWatch log to receive application messages.

          RoleARN -> (string)
              IAM  ARN  of the role to use to send application messages. Note:
              To write application messages to CloudWatch, the IAM  role  that
              is used must have the PutLogEvents policy action enabled.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          LogStreamARN=string,RoleARN=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "LogStreamARN": "string",
            "RoleARN": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                  ADD-APPLICATION-CLOUD-WATCH-LOGGING-OPTION()
