ADD-PERMISSION()                                              ADD-PERMISSION()



NAME
       add-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  a  statement  to a topic's access control policy, granting access
       for the  specified  Amazon  Web  Services  accounts  to  the  specified
       actions.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-permission
          --topic-arn <value>
          --label <value>
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --action-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --topic-arn (string)
          The ARN of the topic whose access control policy you wish to modify.

       --label (string)
          A unique identifier for the new policy statement.

       --aws-account-id (list)
          The Amazon Web Services account IDs of the  users  (principals)  who
          will  be  given access to the specified actions. The users must have
          Amazon Web Services account, but do not need to  be  signed  up  for
          this service.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --action-name (list)
          The action you want to allow for the specified principal(s).

          Valid values: Any Amazon SNS action name, for example Publish .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add a permission to a topic

       The  following  add-permission  example  adds  the  permission  for AWS
       account 987654321098 to use the Publish action with the specified topic
       under AWS account 123456789012.

          aws sns add-permission -\
              -topic-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MyTopic \
              --label Publish-Permission \
              --aws-account-id 987654321098 \
              --action-name Publish

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              ADD-PERMISSION()
