CANCEL-JOB()                                                      CANCEL-JOB()



NAME
       cancel-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  a  job in an Batch job queue. Jobs that are in the SUBMITTED ,
       PENDING , or RUNNABLE state are canceled. Jobs that have progressed  to
       STARTING  or  RUNNING aren't canceled, but the API operation still suc-
       ceeds, even if no job is canceled. These jobs must be  terminated  with
       the  TerminateJob operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-job
          --job-id <value>
          --reason <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-id (string)
          The Batch job ID of the job to cancel.

       --reason (string)
          A  message to attach to the job that explains the reason for cancel-
          ing it. This message is returned by future  DescribeJobs  operations
          on  the  job.  This  message  is also recorded in the Batch activity
          logs.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel a job

       This example cancels a job with the specified job ID.

       Command:

          aws batch cancel-job --job-id bcf0b186-a532-4122-842e-2ccab8d54efb --reason "Cancelling job."

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  CANCEL-JOB()
