ABORT-ENVIRONMENT-UPDATE()                          ABORT-ENVIRONMENT-UPDATE()



NAME
       abort-environment-update -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  in-progress  environment  configuration  update or application
       version deployment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            abort-environment-update
          [--environment-id <value>]
          [--environment-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-id (string)
          This specifies the ID of the environment with the in-progress update
          that you want to cancel.

       --environment-name (string)
          This  specifies  the  name  of  the environment with the in-progress
          update that you want to cancel.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To abort a deployment

       The following command aborts a running application  version  deployment
       for an environment named my-env:

          aws elasticbeanstalk abort-environment-update --environment-name my-env

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    ABORT-ENVIRONMENT-UPDATE()
