CREATE-TAGS()                                                    CREATE-TAGS()



NAME
       create-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          DEPRECATED - CreateTags is deprecated and not maintained. Please use
          the API action to create tags for EFS resources.

       Creates or overwrites tags associated with a file system. Each tag is a
       key-value pair. If a tag key specified in the request already exists on
       the file system, this operation overwrites its  value  with  the  value
       provided  in  the request. If you add the Name tag to your file system,
       Amazon EFS returns it in the response to the  DescribeFileSystems oper-
       ation.

       This operation requires permission for the elasticfilesystem:CreateTags
       action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-tags
          --file-system-id <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --file-system-id (string)
          The ID of the file system whose tags you want  to  modify  (String).
          This operation modifies the tags only, not the file system.

       --tags (list)
          An array of Tag objects to add. Each Tag object is a key-value pair.

          (structure)
              A tag is a key-value pair. Allowed characters are letters, white
              space,  and  numbers  that  can be represented in UTF-8, and the
              following characters:+ - = . _ : / .

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag key (String). The key can't start with aws: .

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag key.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 CREATE-TAGS()
