DELETE-TAGS()                                                    DELETE-TAGS()



NAME
       delete-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          DEPRECATED - DeleteTags is deprecated and not maintained. Please use
          the API action to remove tags from EFS resources.

       Deletes the specified tags  from  a  file  system.  If  the  DeleteTags
       request  includes  a  tag key that doesn't exist, Amazon EFS ignores it
       and doesn't cause an error. For more information about tags and related
       restrictions,  see  Tag restrictions in the Billing and Cost Management
       User Guide .

       This operation requires permissions for  the  elasticfilesystem:Delete-
       Tags action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-tags
          --file-system-id <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --file-system-id (string)
          The ID of the file system whose tags you want to delete (String).

       --tag-keys (list)
          A list of tag keys to delete.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DELETE-TAGS()
