DESCRIBE-TAGS()                                                DESCRIBE-TAGS()



NAME
       describe-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          DEPRECATED - The DeleteTags action is deprecated and not maintained.
          Please use the API action to remove tags from EFS resources.

       Returns the tags associated with a  file  system.  The  order  of  tags
       returned in the response of one DescribeTags call and the order of tags
       returned across the responses of a multiple-call iteration (when  using
       pagination) is unspecified.

       This  operation  requires permissions for the elasticfilesystem:Descri-
       beTags action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-tags is a paginated  operation.  Multiple  API  calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Tags

SYNOPSIS
            describe-tags
          [--max-items <value>]
          --file-system-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --file-system-id (string)
          The ID of the file system whose tag set you want to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size  results  in  more  calls to the AWS service,
          retrieving fewer items in each call. This can help prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe the tags for a file system

       The following describe-tags example describes the tags for  the  speci-
       fied file system.

          aws efs describe-tags \
              --file-system-id fs-c7a0456e

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": [
                  {
                      "Key": "Name",
                      "Value": "my-file-system"
                  },
                  {
                      "Key": "Department",
                      "Value": "Business Intelligence"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Managing file system tags in the Amazon Elas-
       tic File System User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Marker -> (string)
          If the request included a Marker , the response returns  that  value
          in this field.

       Tags -> (list)
          Returns  tags  associated  with  the  file system as an array of Tag
          objects.

          (structure)
              A tag is a key-value pair. Allowed characters are letters, white
              space,  and  numbers  that  can be represented in UTF-8, and the
              following characters:+ - = . _ : / .

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag key (String). The key can't start with aws: .

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag key.

       NextMarker -> (string)
          If a value is present, there are more tags to return.  In  a  subse-
          quent  request, you can provide the value of NextMarker as the value
          of the Marker parameter in your next request to  retrieve  the  next
          set of tags.



                                                               DESCRIBE-TAGS()
