CANCEL-CHANGE-SET()                                        CANCEL-CHANGE-SET()



NAME
       cancel-change-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Used  to  cancel an open change request. Must be sent before the status
       of the request changes to APPLYING , the final stage of completing your
       change  request.  You  can  describe a change during the 60-day request
       history retention period for API calls.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-change-set
          --catalog <value>
          --change-set-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog (string)
          Required. The catalog related to the request. Fixed  value:  AWSMar-
          ketplace .

       --change-set-id (string)
          Required.  The  unique identifier of the StartChangeSet request that
          you want to cancel.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ChangeSetId -> (string)
          The unique identifier for the change set referenced in this request.

       ChangeSetArn -> (string)
          The ARN associated with the change set referenced in this request.



                                                           CANCEL-CHANGE-SET()
