ASSOCIATE-GATEWAY-TO-SERVER()                    ASSOCIATE-GATEWAY-TO-SERVER()



NAME
       associate-gateway-to-server -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  backup  gateway with your server. After you complete the
       association process, you can back up and restore your VMs  through  the
       gateway.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-gateway-to-server
          --gateway-arn <value>
          --server-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --server-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the server that hosts your virtual
          machines.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a gateway.



                                                 ASSOCIATE-GATEWAY-TO-SERVER()
