BATCH-EXECUTE-STATEMENT()                            BATCH-EXECUTE-STATEMENT()



NAME
       batch-execute-statement -

DESCRIPTION
       Runs  one  or  more SQL statements, which can be data manipulation lan-
       guage (DML) or data definition language (DDL). Depending on the  autho-
       rization  method,  use  one  of  the  following combinations of request
       parameters:

       o Secrets Manager - when connecting to a cluster,  specify  the  Amazon
         Resource Name (ARN) of the secret, the database name, and the cluster
         identifier that matches the cluster in the secret. When connecting to
         a  serverless endpoint, specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the
         secret and the database name.

       o Temporary credentials - when connecting to  a  cluster,  specify  the
         cluster  identifier,  the  database name, and the database user name.
         Also, permission to call the redshift:GetClusterCredentials operation
         is  required.  When  connecting to a serverless endpoint, specify the
         database name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-execute-statement
          [--cluster-identifier <value>]
          --database <value>
          [--db-user <value>]
          [--secret-arn <value>]
          --sqls <value>
          [--statement-name <value>]
          [--with-event | --no-with-event]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The cluster identifier. This parameter is required  when  connecting
          to a cluster and authenticating using either Secrets Manager or tem-
          porary credentials.

       --database (string)
          The name of the database. This parameter is required when  authenti-
          cating using either Secrets Manager or temporary credentials.

       --db-user (string)
          The  database  user name. This parameter is required when connecting
          to a cluster and authenticating using temporary credentials.

       --secret-arn (string)
          The name or ARN of the secret that enables access to  the  database.
          This  parameter  is  required when authenticating using Secrets Man-
          ager.

       --sqls (list)
          One or more SQL statements to run.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --statement-name (string)
          The name of the SQL statements. You can name the SQL statements when
          you create them to identify the query.

       --with-event | --no-with-event (boolean)
          A value that indicates whether to send an event to the Amazon Event-
          Bridge event bus after the SQL statements run.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ClusterIdentifier -> (string)
          The cluster identifier. This parameter is not returned when connect-
          ing to a serverless endpoint.

       CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
          The date and time (UTC) the statement was created.

       Database -> (string)
          The name of the database.

       DbUser -> (string)
          The database user name.

       Id -> (string)
          The identifier of the SQL statement whose results are to be fetched.
          This value is a universally unique identifier  (UUID)  generated  by
          Amazon  Redshift  Data API. This identifier is returned by BatchExe-
          cuteStatment .

       SecretArn -> (string)
          The name or ARN of the secret that enables access to the database.



                                                     BATCH-EXECUTE-STATEMENT()
