ACCEPT-QUALIFICATION-REQUEST()                  ACCEPT-QUALIFICATION-REQUEST()



NAME
       accept-qualification-request -

DESCRIPTION
       The  AcceptQualificationRequest  operation  approves a Worker's request
       for a Qualification.

       Only the owner of the Qualification  type  can  grant  a  Qualification
       request for that type.

       A  successful  request  for  the  AcceptQualificationRequest  operation
       returns with no errors and an empty body.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            accept-qualification-request
          --qualification-request-id <value>
          [--integer-value <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --qualification-request-id (string)
          The ID of the Qualification request, as returned by the  GetQualifi-
          cationRequests operation.

       --integer-value (integer)
          The  value  of the Qualification. You can omit this value if you are
          using the presence or absence of the Qualification as the basis  for
          a HIT requirement.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                ACCEPT-QUALIFICATION-REQUEST()
