GET-ARCHIVE-RULE()                                          GET-ARCHIVE-RULE()



NAME
       get-archive-rule -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about an archive rule.

       To  learn about filter keys that you can use to create an archive rule,
       see IAM Access Analyzer filter keys in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-archive-rule
          --analyzer-name <value>
          --rule-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --analyzer-name (string)
          The name of the analyzer to retrieve rules from.

       --rule-name (string)
          The name of the rule to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       archiveRule -> (structure)
          Contains information about an archive rule.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The time at which the archive rule was created.

          filter -> (map)
              A filter used to define the archive rule.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (structure)
                 The criteria to use in the filter that  defines  the  archive
                 rule.

                 contains -> (list)
                     A  "contains"  operator  to  match for the filter used to
                     create the rule.

                     (string)

                 eq -> (list)
                     An "equals" operator to match for the filter used to cre-
                     ate the rule.

                     (string)

                 exists -> (boolean)
                     An "exists" operator to match for the filter used to cre-
                     ate the rule.

                 neq -> (list)
                     A "not equals" operator to match for the filter  used  to
                     create the rule.

                     (string)

          ruleName -> (string)
              The name of the archive rule.

          updatedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time at which the archive rule was last updated.



                                                            GET-ARCHIVE-RULE()
