GET-ANALYZED-RESOURCE()                                GET-ANALYZED-RESOURCE()



NAME
       get-analyzed-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about a resource that was analyzed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-analyzed-resource
          --analyzer-arn <value>
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --analyzer-arn (string)
          The ARN of the analyzer to retrieve information from.

       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource to retrieve information about.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       resource -> (structure)
          An AnalyzedResource object that contains information that IAM Access
          Analyzer found when it analyzed the resource.

          actions -> (list)
              The actions that an external principal is granted permission  to
              use by the policy that generated the finding.

              (string)

          analyzedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time at which the resource was analyzed.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The time at which the finding was created.

          error -> (string)
              An error message.

          isPublic -> (boolean)
              Indicates  whether  the policy that generated the finding grants
              public access to the resource.

          resourceArn -> (string)
              The ARN of the resource that was analyzed.

          resourceOwnerAccount -> (string)
              The Amazon Web Services account ID that owns the resource.

          resourceType -> (string)
              The type of the resource that was analyzed.

          sharedVia -> (list)
              Indicates how the access that generated the finding is  granted.
              This is populated for Amazon S3 bucket findings.

              (string)

          status -> (string)
              The  current  status  of the finding generated from the analyzed
              resource.

          updatedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time at which the finding was updated.



                                                       GET-ANALYZED-RESOURCE()
