GET-ANALYZER()                                                  GET-ANALYZER()



NAME
       get-analyzer -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about the specified analyzer.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-analyzer
          --analyzer-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --analyzer-name (string)
          The name of the analyzer retrieved.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       analyzer -> (structure)
          An  AnalyzerSummary  object that contains information about the ana-
          lyzer.

          arn -> (string)
              The ARN of the analyzer.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              A timestamp for the time at which the analyzer was created.

          lastResourceAnalyzed -> (string)
              The resource that was most recently analyzed by the analyzer.

          lastResourceAnalyzedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time at which the most recently analyzed resource  was  ana-
              lyzed.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the analyzer.

          status -> (string)
              The status of the analyzer. An Active analyzer successfully mon-
              itors supported resources and generates new findings.  The  ana-
              lyzer  is  Disabled when a user action, such as removing trusted
              access for Identity and Access Management Access  Analyzer  from
              Organizations,  causes the analyzer to stop generating new find-
              ings. The status is Creating when the analyzer  creation  is  in
              progress and Failed when the analyzer creation has failed.

          statusReason -> (structure)
              The  statusReason provides more details about the current status
              of the analyzer. For example, if the creation for  the  analyzer
              fails, a Failed status is returned. For an analyzer with organi-
              zation as the type, this failure can be due  to  an  issue  with
              creating   the  service-linked  roles  required  in  the  member
              accounts of the Amazon Web Services organization.

              code -> (string)
                 The reason code for the current status of the analyzer.

          tags -> (map)
              The tags added to the analyzer.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          type -> (string)
              The type of analyzer, which corresponds to  the  zone  of  trust
              chosen for the analyzer.



                                                                GET-ANALYZER()
