LIST-ANALYZERS()                                              LIST-ANALYZERS()



NAME
       list-analyzers -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves a list of analyzers.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-analyzers  is  a  paginated  operation.  Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: analyzers

SYNOPSIS
            list-analyzers
          [--type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --type (string)
          The type of analyzer.

          Possible values:

          o ACCOUNT

          o ORGANIZATION

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results  in  more  calls  to  the  AWS  service,
          retrieving  fewer  items in each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       analyzers -> (list)
          The analyzers retrieved.

          (structure)
              Contains information about the analyzer.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the analyzer.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 A timestamp for the time at which the analyzer was created.

              lastResourceAnalyzed -> (string)
                 The resource that was most recently analyzed by the analyzer.

              lastResourceAnalyzedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The time at which the most  recently  analyzed  resource  was
                 analyzed.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the analyzer.

              status -> (string)
                 The  status  of the analyzer. An Active analyzer successfully
                 monitors supported resources and generates new findings.  The
                 analyzer  is  Disabled  when  a user action, such as removing
                 trusted access for Identity and Access Management Access Ana-
                 lyzer  from Organizations, causes the analyzer to stop gener-
                 ating new findings. The status is Creating when the  analyzer
                 creation is in progress and Failed when the analyzer creation
                 has failed.

              statusReason -> (structure)
                 The statusReason provides more details about the current sta-
                 tus  of  the  analyzer.  For example, if the creation for the
                 analyzer fails, a Failed status is returned. For an  analyzer
                 with  organization as the type, this failure can be due to an
                 issue with creating the service-linked roles required in  the
                 member accounts of the Amazon Web Services organization.

                 code -> (string)
                     The reason code for the current status of the analyzer.

              tags -> (map)
                 The tags added to the analyzer.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              type -> (string)
                 The  type of analyzer, which corresponds to the zone of trust
                 chosen for the analyzer.

       nextToken -> (string)
          A token used for pagination of results returned.



                                                              LIST-ANALYZERS()
