VALIDATE-POLICY()                                            VALIDATE-POLICY()



NAME
       validate-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Requests the validation of a policy and returns a list of findings. The
       findings help you identify issues and  provide  actionable  recommenda-
       tions to resolve the issue and enable you to author functional policies
       that meet security best practices.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       validate-policy is a paginated operation. Multiple  API  calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: findings

SYNOPSIS
            validate-policy
          [--locale <value>]
          --policy-document <value>
          --policy-type <value>
          [--validate-policy-resource-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --locale (string)
          The locale to use for localizing the findings.

          Possible values:

          o DE

          o EN

          o ES

          o FR

          o IT

          o JA

          o KO

          o PT_BR

          o ZH_CN

          o ZH_TW

       --policy-document (string)
          The JSON policy document to use as the content for the policy.

       --policy-type (string)
          The  type of policy to validate. Identity policies grant permissions
          to IAM principals. Identity  policies  include  managed  and  inline
          policies  for  IAM  roles, users, and groups. They also include ser-
          vice-control policies (SCPs) that are attached to an Amazon Web Ser-
          vices organization, organizational unit (OU), or an account.

          Resource   policies   grant   permissions  on  Amazon  Web  Services
          resources. Resource policies include trust policies  for  IAM  roles
          and bucket policies for Amazon S3 buckets. You can provide a generic
          input such as identity policy or resource policy or a specific input
          such as managed policy or Amazon S3 bucket policy.

          Possible values:

          o IDENTITY_POLICY

          o RESOURCE_POLICY

          o SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY

       --validate-policy-resource-type (string)
          The  type  of  resource to attach to your resource policy. Specify a
          value for the policy validation resource type  only  if  the  policy
          type is RESOURCE_POLICY . For example, to validate a resource policy
          to attach to an Amazon S3 bucket, you can choose AWS::S3::Bucket for
          the policy validation resource type.

          For  resource  types  not supported as valid values, IAM Access Ana-
          lyzer runs policy checks that apply to all  resource  policies.  For
          example,  to  validate  a resource policy to attach to a KMS key, do
          not specify a value for the policy validation resource type and  IAM
          Access  Analyzer  will  run policy checks that apply to all resource
          policies.

          Possible values:

          o AWS::S3::Bucket

          o AWS::S3::AccessPoint

          o AWS::S3::MultiRegionAccessPoint

          o AWS::S3ObjectLambda::AccessPoint

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results  in  more  calls  to  the  AWS  service,
          retrieving  fewer  items in each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       findings -> (list)
          The  list  of  findings  in a policy returned by IAM Access Analyzer
          based on its suite of policy checks.

          (structure)
              A finding in a policy. Each finding is an actionable recommenda-
              tion that can be used to improve the policy.

              findingDetails -> (string)
                 A  localized  message  that explains the finding and provides
                 guidance on how to address it.

              findingType -> (string)
                 The impact of the finding.

                 Security warnings report when the policy allows  access  that
                 we consider overly permissive.

                 Errors report when a part of the policy is not functional.

                 Warnings  report  non-security  issues when a policy does not
                 conform to policy writing best practices.

                 Suggestions recommend stylistic improvements  in  the  policy
                 that do not impact access.

              issueCode -> (string)
                 The issue code provides an identifier of the issue associated
                 with this finding.

              learnMoreLink -> (string)
                 A link to additional documentation about the type of finding.

              locations -> (list)
                 The list of locations in the policy document that are related
                 to the finding. The issue code provides a summary of an issue
                 identified by the finding.

                 (structure)
                     A  location  in  a  policy  that is represented as a path
                     through the JSON representation and a corresponding span.

                     path -> (list)
                        A  path in a policy, represented as a sequence of path
                        elements.

                        (structure)
                            A single element in a path through the JSON repre-
                            sentation of a policy.

                            index -> (integer)
                               Refers to an index in a JSON array.

                            key -> (string)
                               Refers to a key in a JSON object.

                            substring -> (structure)
                               Refers  to a substring of a literal string in a
                               JSON object.

                               length -> (integer)
                                   The length of the substring.

                               start -> (integer)
                                   The start index of the substring,  starting
                                   from 0.

                            value -> (string)
                               Refers to the value associated with a given key
                               in a JSON object.

                     span -> (structure)
                        A span in a policy.

                        end -> (structure)
                            The end position of the span (exclusive).

                            column -> (integer)
                               The column of the position, starting from 0.

                            line -> (integer)
                               The line of the position, starting from 1.

                            offset -> (integer)
                               The offset within the policy  that  corresponds
                               to the position, starting from 0.

                        start -> (structure)
                            The start position of the span (inclusive).

                            column -> (integer)
                               The column of the position, starting from 0.

                            line -> (integer)
                               The line of the position, starting from 1.

                            offset -> (integer)
                               The  offset  within the policy that corresponds
                               to the position, starting from 0.

       nextToken -> (string)
          A token used for pagination of results returned.



                                                             VALIDATE-POLICY()
