BATCH-DETECT-DOMINANT-LANGUAGE()              BATCH-DETECT-DOMINANT-LANGUAGE()



NAME
       batch-detect-dominant-language -

DESCRIPTION
       Determines the dominant language of the input text for a batch of docu-
       ments. For a list of languages that Amazon Comprehend can  detect,  see
       Amazon Comprehend Supported Languages .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-detect-dominant-language
          --text-list <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text-list (list)
          A list containing the text of the input documents. The list can con-
          tain a maximum of 25 documents.  Each  document  should  contain  at
          least 20 characters and must contain fewer than 5,000 bytes of UTF-8
          encoded characters.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResultList -> (list)
          A list of objects containing  the  results  of  the  operation.  The
          results  are  sorted in ascending order by the Index field and match
          the order of the documents in the input list. If all  of  the  docu-
          ments contain an error, the ResultList is empty.

          (structure)
              The  result  of calling the operation. The operation returns one
              object for each document that is successfully processed  by  the
              operation.

              Index -> (integer)
                 The zero-based index of the document in the input list.

              Languages -> (list)
                 One or more  DominantLanguage objects describing the dominant
                 languages in the document.

                 (structure)
                     Returns the code for the dominant language in  the  input
                     text  and  the level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend
                     has in the accuracy of the detection.

                     LanguageCode -> (string)
                        The RFC 5646 language code for the dominant  language.
                        For  more  information  about  RFC  5646, see Tags for
                        Identifying Languages on the IETF Tools web site.

                     Score -> (float)
                        The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has  in
                        the accuracy of the detection.

       ErrorList -> (list)
          A  list  containing  one  object for each document that contained an
          error. The results are sorted in ascending order by the Index  field
          and match the order of the documents in the input list. If there are
          no errors in the batch, the ErrorList is empty.

          (structure)
              Describes an error that occurred while processing a document  in
              a batch. The operation returns on BatchItemError object for each
              document that contained an error.

              Index -> (integer)
                 The zero-based index of the document in the input list.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The numeric error code of the error.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 A text description of the error.



                                              BATCH-DETECT-DOMINANT-LANGUAGE()
