ACCEPT-HANDSHAKE()                                          ACCEPT-HANDSHAKE()



NAME
       accept-handshake -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends  a  response  to  the  originator  of a handshake agreeing to the
       action proposed by the handshake request.

       This operation can be called only by the following principals when they
       also have the relevant IAM permissions:

       o Invitation to join or Approve all features request handshakes: only a
         principal from the member account. The user who calls the API for  an
         invitation  to  join must have the organizations:AcceptHandshake per-
         mission. If you enabled all features in the  organization,  the  user
         must also have the iam:CreateServiceLinkedRole permission so that AWS
         Organizations can  create  the  required  service-linked  role  named
         AWSServiceRoleForOrganizations  . For more information, see AWS Orga-
         nizations and Service-Linked Roles  in  the  AWS  Organizations  User
         Guide .

       o Enable  all  features  final confirmation handshake: only a principal
         from the management account. For more information about  invitations,
         see  Inviting  an  AWS  Account  to Join Your Organization in the AWS
         Organizations User Guide. For  more  information  about  requests  to
         enable all features in the organization, see Enabling All Features in
         Your Organization in the AWS Organizations User Guide.

       After you accept a handshake, it continues to appear in the results  of
       relevant APIs for only 30 days. After that, it's deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            accept-handshake
          --handshake-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --handshake-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the handshake that you want to accept.

          The regex pattern for handshake ID string requires "h-" followed  by
          from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To accept a handshake from another account

       Bill,  the  owner  of  an  organization,  has previously invited Juan's
       account to join his organization. The following  example  shows  Juan's
       account accepting the handshake and thus agreeing to the invitation.

          aws organizations accept-handshake --handshake-id h-examplehandshakeid111

       The output shows the following:

          {
                  "Handshake": {
                          "Action": "INVITE",
                          "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:handshake/o-exampleorgid/invite/h-examplehandshakeid111",
                          "RequestedTimestamp": 1481656459.257,
                          "ExpirationTimestamp": 1482952459.257,
                          "Id": "h-examplehandshakeid111",
                          "Parties": [
                                  {
                                          "Id": "o-exampleorgid",
                                          "Type": "ORGANIZATION"
                                  },
                                  {
                                          "Id": "juan@example.com",
                                          "Type": "EMAIL"
                                  }
                          ],
                          "Resources": [
                                  {
                                          "Resources": [
                                                  {
                                                          "Type": "MASTER_EMAIL",
                                                          "Value": "bill@amazon.com"
                                                  },
                                                  {
                                                          "Type": "MASTER_NAME",
                                                          "Value": "Org Master Account"
                                                  },
                                                  {
                                                          "Type": "ORGANIZATION_FEATURE_SET",
                                                          "Value": "ALL"
                                                  }
                                          ],
                                          "Type": "ORGANIZATION",
                                          "Value": "o-exampleorgid"
                                  },
                                  {
                                          "Type": "EMAIL",
                                          "Value": "juan@example.com"
                                  }
                          ],
                          "State": "ACCEPTED"
                  }
          }

OUTPUT
       Handshake -> (structure)
          A structure that contains details about the accepted handshake.

          Id -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier  (ID)  of  a  handshake. The originating
              account creates the ID when it initiates the handshake.

              The regex pattern for handshake ID string requires "h-" followed
              by from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a handshake.

              For  more  information about ARNs in Organizations, see ARN For-
              mats Supported by Organizations in the AWS Service Authorization
              Reference .

          Parties -> (list)
              Information about the two accounts that are participating in the
              handshake.

              (structure)
                 Identifies a participant in a handshake.

                 Id -> (string)
                     The unique identifier (ID) for the party.

                     The regex pattern for handshake ID string  requires  "h-"
                     followed by from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The type of party.

          State -> (string)
              The  current  state of the handshake. Use the state to trace the
              flow of the handshake through the process from its  creation  to
              its  acceptance.  The  meaning of each of the valid values is as
              follows:

              o REQUESTED : This handshake was  sent  to  multiple  recipients
                (applicable  to only some handshake types) and not all recipi-
                ents have responded yet. The request stays in this state until
                all recipients respond.

              o OPEN  : This handshake was sent to multiple recipients (appli-
                cable to only some  policy  types)  and  all  recipients  have
                responded,  allowing  the originator to complete the handshake
                action.

              o CANCELED : This handshake is no longer active because  it  was
                canceled by the originating account.

              o ACCEPTED  :  This  handshake  is  complete because it has been
                accepted by the recipient.

              o DECLINED : This handshake is no longer active because  it  was
                declined by the recipient account.

              o EXPIRED : This handshake is no longer active because the orig-
                inator did not receive a response of any kind from the recipi-
                ent before the expiration time (15 days).

          RequestedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the handshake request was made.

          ExpirationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The  date  and time that the handshake expires. If the recipient
              of the handshake request fails to respond before  the  specified
              date  and  time, the handshake becomes inactive and is no longer
              valid.

          Action -> (string)
              The type of handshake, indicating what action  occurs  when  the
              recipient  accepts  the handshake. The following handshake types
              are supported:

              o INVITE : This type of handshake represents a request  to  join
                an organization. It is always sent from the management account
                to only non-member accounts.

              o ENABLE_ALL_FEATURES : This  type  of  handshake  represents  a
                request  to  enable  all  features  in  an organization. It is
                always sent from the management account to only invited member
                accounts.  Created  accounts do not receive this because those
                accounts were created by the organization's management account
                and approval is inferred.

              o APPROVE_ALL_FEATURES : This type of handshake is sent from the
                Organizations service when all member accounts  have  approved
                the  ENABLE_ALL_FEATURES  invitation.  It  is sent only to the
                management account and signals the master that it can finalize
                the process to enable all features.

          Resources -> (list)
              Additional  information that is needed to process the handshake.

              (structure)
                 Contains additional data that is needed to  process  a  hand-
                 shake.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The  information that is passed to the other party in the
                     handshake. The format of the value string must match  the
                     requirements of the specified type.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The  type of information being passed, specifying how the
                     value is to be interpreted by the other party:

                     o ACCOUNT - Specifies an AWS account ID number.

                     o ORGANIZATION - Specifies an organization ID number.

                     o EMAIL - Specifies the email address that is  associated
                       with the account that receives the handshake.

                     o OWNER_EMAIL  -  Specifies  the email address associated
                       with the management account.  Included  as  information
                       about an organization.

                     o OWNER_NAME  -  Specifies  the  name associated with the
                       management account. Included as  information  about  an
                       organization.

                     o NOTES  - Additional text provided by the handshake ini-
                       tiator and intended for the recipient to read.

                 Resources -> (list)
                     When needed, contains an additional array of HandshakeRe-
                     source objects.

                     (structure)
                        Contains  additional  data that is needed to process a
                        handshake.

                        Value -> (string)
                            The information that is passed to the other  party
                            in  the  handshake. The format of the value string
                            must match the requirements of the specified type.

                        Type -> (string)
                            The  type  of information being passed, specifying
                            how the value is to be interpreted  by  the  other
                            party:

                            o ACCOUNT - Specifies an AWS account ID number.

                            o ORGANIZATION - Specifies an organization ID num-
                              ber.

                            o EMAIL - Specifies  the  email  address  that  is
                              associated  with  the  account that receives the
                              handshake.

                            o OWNER_EMAIL - Specifies the email address  asso-
                              ciated  with the management account. Included as
                              information about an organization.

                            o OWNER_NAME - Specifies the name associated  with
                              the  management account. Included as information
                              about an organization.

                            o NOTES - Additional text provided  by  the  hand-
                              shake  initiator  and intended for the recipient
                              to read.



                                                            ACCEPT-HANDSHAKE()
