DISABLE-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS()                      DISABLE-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS()



NAME
       disable-aws-service-access -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  the integration of an AWS service (the service that is speci-
       fied by ServicePrincipal ) with AWS  Organizations.  When  you  disable
       integration,   the   specified   service   no   longer   can  create  a
       service-linked role in new accounts in your  organization.  This  means
       the service can't perform operations on your behalf on any new accounts
       in your organization. The service can still perform operations in older
       accounts  until  the  service completes its clean-up from AWS Organiza-
       tions.

       WARNING:
          We ** strongly recommend ** that you don't use this command to  dis-
          able  integration  between  AWS  Organizations and the specified AWS
          service. Instead, use the console or commands that are  provided  by
          the  specified  service.  This  lets the trusted service perform any
          required initialization when enabling trusted access, such as creat-
          ing  any  required  resources and any required clean up of resources
          when disabling trusted access.

          For information about how to disable trusted service access to  your
          organization  using  the  trusted  service,  see the Learn more link
          under the Supports Trusted Access column at AWS  services  that  you
          can use with AWS Organizations . on this page.

          If you disable access by using this command, it causes the following
          actions to occur:

          o The service can no longer create  a  service-linked  role  in  the
            accounts  in  your organization. This means that the service can't
            perform operations on your behalf on  any  new  accounts  in  your
            organization.  The  service  can still perform operations in older
            accounts until the service completes its clean-up from AWS Organi-
            zations.

          o The  service can no longer perform tasks in the member accounts in
            the organization, unless those operations are explicitly permitted
            by the IAM policies that are attached to your roles. This includes
            any data aggregation from the member accounts  to  the  management
            account,  or to a delegated administrator account, where relevant.

          o Some services detect this and  clean  up  any  remaining  data  or
            resources  related  to  the integration, while other services stop
            accessing the organization but leave any historical data and  con-
            figuration in place to support a possible re-enabling of the inte-
            gration.

          Using the other service's console or commands to disable  the  inte-
          gration ensures that the other service is aware that it can clean up
          any resources that are required only for the  integration.  How  the
          service  cleans  up  its  resources  in  the organization's accounts
          depends on that service. For more information, see the documentation
          for the other AWS service.

       After  you perform the DisableAWSServiceAccess operation, the specified
       service  can  no  longer  perform  operations  in  your  organization's
       accounts

       For  more information about integrating other services with AWS Organi-
       zations, including the list of services that work  with  Organizations,
       see  Integrating  AWS  Organizations with Other AWS Services in the AWS
       Organizations User Guide.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-aws-service-access
          --service-principal <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-principal (string)
          The  service principal name of the AWS service for which you want to
          disable integration with your organization. This is typically in the
          form of a URL, such as `` service-abbreviation .amazonaws.com`` .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DISABLE-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS()
