BATCH-DELETE-RECIPE-VERSION()                    BATCH-DELETE-RECIPE-VERSION()



NAME
       batch-delete-recipe-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes one or more versions of a recipe at a time.

       The entire request will be rejected if:

       o The recipe does not exist.

       o There is an invalid version identifier in the list of versions.

       o The version list is empty.

       o The version list size exceeds 50.

       o The version list contains duplicate entries.

       The request will complete successfully, but with partial failures, if:

       o A version does not exist.

       o A version is being used by a job.

       o You specify LATEST_WORKING , but it's being used by a project.

       o The version fails to be deleted.

       The  LATEST_WORKING  version  will only be deleted if the recipe has no
       other versions. If you try to delete LATEST_WORKING  while  other  ver-
       sions  exist (or if they can't be deleted), then LATEST_WORKING will be
       listed as partial failure in the response.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-delete-recipe-version
          --name <value>
          --recipe-versions <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the recipe whose versions are to be deleted.

       --recipe-versions (list)
          An array of version identifiers,  for  the  recipe  versions  to  be
          deleted. You can specify numeric versions (X.Y ) or LATEST_WORKING .
          LATEST_PUBLISHED is not supported.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Name -> (string)
          The name of the recipe that was modified.

       Errors -> (list)
          Errors, if any, that occurred while attempting to delete the  recipe
          versions.

          (structure)
              Represents any errors encountered when attempting to delete mul-
              tiple recipe versions.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The HTTP status code for the error.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The text of the error message.

              RecipeVersion -> (string)
                 The identifier for the recipe version  associated  with  this
                 error.



                                                 BATCH-DELETE-RECIPE-VERSION()
