ACTIVATE-PIPELINE()                                        ACTIVATE-PIPELINE()



NAME
       activate-pipeline -

DESCRIPTION
       Validates  the specified pipeline and starts processing pipeline tasks.
       If the pipeline does not pass validation, activation fails.

       If you need to pause the pipeline to investigate an issue with a compo-
       nent, such as a data source or script, call  DeactivatePipeline .

       To  activate  a finished pipeline, modify the end date for the pipeline
       and then activate it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            activate-pipeline
          --pipeline-id <value>
          [--parameter-values <value>]
          [--start-timestamp <value>]
          [--parameter-values-uri <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pipeline-id (string)
          The ID of the pipeline.

       --parameter-values (string) The JSON parameter values. You can  specify
       these  as  key-value pairs in the key=value format. Multiple parameters
       are separated by a space. For list type parameter values  you  can  use
       the  same  key  name  and  specify each value as a key value pair. e.g.
       arrayValue=value1 arrayValue=value2

       --start-timestamp (timestamp)
          The date and time to resume the pipeline. By default,  the  pipeline
          resumes from the last completed execution.

       --parameter-values-uri  (string)  The  JSON  parameter  values.  If the
       parameter values are in a file you can use the file://syntax to specify
       a  filename. You can optionally provide these in pipeline definition as
       well. Parameter values provided on command line would replace  the  one
       in definition.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To activate a pipeline

       This example activates the specified pipeline:

          aws datapipeline activate-pipeline --pipeline-id df-00627471SOVYZEXAMPLE

       To activate the pipeline at a specific date and time, use the following
       command:

          aws datapipeline activate-pipeline --pipeline-id df-00627471SOVYZEXAMPLE --start-timestamp 2015-04-07T00:00:00Z

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           ACTIVATE-PIPELINE()
