ASSOCIATE-ENCRYPTION-CONFIG()                    ASSOCIATE-ENCRYPTION-CONFIG()



NAME
       associate-encryption-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Associate encryption configuration to an existing cluster.

       You can use this API to enable encryption on existing clusters which do
       not have encryption already enabled. This allows  you  to  implement  a
       defense-in-depth  security  strategy  without migrating applications to
       new Amazon EKS clusters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-encryption-config
          --cluster-name <value>
          --encryption-config <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-name (string)
          The name of the cluster that you  are  associating  with  encryption
          configuration.

       --encryption-config (list)
          The configuration you are using for encryption.

          (structure)
              The encryption configuration for the cluster.

              resources -> (list)
                 Specifies  the  resources to be encrypted. The only supported
                 value is "secrets".

                 (string)

              provider -> (structure)
                 Key Management Service (KMS) key. Either the ARN or the alias
                 can be used.

                 keyArn -> (string)
                     Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) or alias of the KMS key. The
                     KMS key must be symmetric, created in the same region  as
                     the  cluster, and if the KMS key was created in a differ-
                     ent account, the user must have access to  the  KMS  key.
                     For   more  information,  see  Allowing  Users  in  Other
                     Accounts to Use a KMS key in the Key  Management  Service
                     Developer Guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          resources=string,string,provider={keyArn=string} ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "resources": ["string", ...],
              "provider": {
                "keyArn": "string"
              }
            }
            ...
          ]

       --client-request-token (string)
          The  client request token you are using with the encryption configu-
          ration.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       update -> (structure)
          An object representing an asynchronous update.

          id -> (string)
              A UUID that is used to track the update.

          status -> (string)
              The current status of the update.

          type -> (string)
              The type of the update.

          params -> (list)
              A key-value map that contains the parameters associated with the
              update.

              (structure)
                 An object representing the details of an update request.

                 type -> (string)
                     The keys associated with an update request.

                 value -> (string)
                     The  value  of  the  keys  submitted as part of an update
                     request.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the update was cre-
              ated.

          errors -> (list)
              Any errors associated with a Failed update.

              (structure)
                 An  object  representing an error when an asynchronous opera-
                 tion fails.

                 errorCode -> (string)
                     A brief description of the error.

                     o SubnetNotFound : We couldn't find one  of  the  subnets
                       associated with the cluster.

                     o SecurityGroupNotFound  :  We  couldn't  find one of the
                       security groups associated with the cluster.

                     o EniLimitReached : You have reached the elastic  network
                       interface limit for your account.

                     o IpNotAvailable  :  A subnet associated with the cluster
                       doesn't have any free IP addresses.

                     o AccessDenied : You don't have  permissions  to  perform
                       the specified operation.

                     o OperationNotPermitted  :  The  service  role associated
                       with the cluster doesn't have the required access  per-
                       missions for Amazon EKS.

                     o VpcIdNotFound  :  We  couldn't  find the VPC associated
                       with the cluster.

                 errorMessage -> (string)
                     A more complete description of the error.

                 resourceIds -> (list)
                     An optional field that contains the resource IDs  associ-
                     ated with the error.

                     (string)



                                                 ASSOCIATE-ENCRYPTION-CONFIG()
