ASSOCIATE-ROLE-TO-GROUP()                            ASSOCIATE-ROLE-TO-GROUP()



NAME
       associate-role-to-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a role with a group. Your Greengrass core will use the role
       to access AWS cloud  services.  The  role's  permissions  should  allow
       Greengrass  core Lambda functions to perform actions against the cloud.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-role-to-group
          --group-id <value>
          --role-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-id (string) The ID of the Greengrass group.

       --role-arn (string) The ARN of the role you wish to associate with this
       group. The existence of the role is not validated.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a role with a Greengrass group

       The  following associate-role-to-group example associates the specified
       IAM role with a Greengrass group. The  group  role  is  used  by  local
       Lambda  functions  and  connectors to access AWS services. For example,
       your group role might grant permissions required  for  CloudWatch  Logs
       integration.

          aws greengrass associate-role-to-group \
              --group-id 2494ee3f-7f8a-4e92-a78b-d205f808b84b \
              --role-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/GG-Group-Role

       Output:

          {
              "AssociatedAt": "2019-09-10T20:03:30Z"
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Configure  the  Group Role in the AWS IoT
       Greengrass Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       AssociatedAt -> (string)
          The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when  the  role  ARN  was
          associated with the group.



                                                     ASSOCIATE-ROLE-TO-GROUP()
