CLONE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()                              CLONE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()



NAME
       clone-receipt-rule-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  receipt  rule  set  by cloning an existing one. All receipt
       rules and configurations are copied to the new receipt rule set and are
       completely independent of the source rule set.

       For  information  about setting up rule sets, see the Amazon SES Devel-
       oper Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            clone-receipt-rule-set
          --rule-set-name <value>
          --original-rule-set-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --rule-set-name (string)
          The name of the rule set to create. The name must:

          o This value can only contain  ASCII  letters  (a-z,  A-Z),  numbers
            (0-9), underscores (_), or dashes (-).

          o Start and end with a letter or number.

          o Contain less than 64 characters.

       --original-rule-set-name (string)
          The name of the rule set to clone.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      CLONE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()
