CANCEL-KEY-DELETION()                                    CANCEL-KEY-DELETION()



NAME
       cancel-key-deletion -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  the  deletion  of a KMS key. When this operation succeeds, the
       key state of the KMS key is Disabled .  To  enable  the  KMS  key,  use
       EnableKey .

       For  more  information about scheduling and canceling deletion of a KMS
       key, see Deleting KMS keys in  the  Key  Management  Service  Developer
       Guide .

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key state: Effect on your KMS key  in  the  Key
       Management Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account  use  : No. You cannot perform this operation on a KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:CancelKeyDeletion (key policy)

          Related operations :  ScheduleKeyDeletion

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-key-deletion
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Identifies the KMS key whose deletion is being canceled.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To get the key ID and key ARN  for  a  KMS  key,  use   ListKeys  or
          DescribeKey .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel the scheduled deletion of a customer managed CMK

       The  following  cancel-key-deletion example cancels the scheduled dele-
       tion of a customer managed CMK and re-enables the CMK so you can use it
       in cryptographic operations.

       The  first  command in the example uses the cancel-key-deletion command
       to cancel the scheduled deletion of  the  CMK.  It  uses  the  --key-id
       parameter  to  identify  the CMK. This example uses a key ID value, but
       you can use either the key ID or the key ARN of the CMK.

       To re-enable the CMK, use the enable-key command. To identify the  CMK,
       use  the  --key-id parameter. This example uses a key ID value, but you
       can use either the key ID or the key ARN of the CMK.

          aws kms cancel-key-deletion \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       The cancel-key-deletion response returns the key ARN of the  CMK  whose
       deletion was canceled.

          {
              "KeyId": "arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:123456789012:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab"
          }

       When  the  cancel-key-deletion command succeeds, the scheduled deletion
       is canceled. However, the key state of the  CMK  is  Disabled,  so  you
       can't use the CMK in cryptographic operations. To restore its function-
       ality, you must re-enable the CMK.

          aws kms enable-key \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       The enable-key operation does not return a response. To verify that the
       CMK  is  re-enabled  and  there is no deletion date associated with the
       CMK, use the describe-key operation.

       For more information, see Scheduling and Canceling Key Deletion in  the
       AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       KeyId -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (key ARN ) of the KMS key whose deletion is
          canceled.



                                                         CANCEL-KEY-DELETION()
