CLAIM-DEVICES-BY-CLAIM-CODE()                    CLAIM-DEVICES-BY-CLAIM-CODE()



NAME
       claim-devices-by-claim-code -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds device(s) to your account (i.e., claim one or more devices) if and
       only if you received a claim code with the device(s).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            claim-devices-by-claim-code
          --claim-code <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --claim-code (string)
          The claim code, starting with "C-", as provided by the device  manu-
          facturer.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To claim one or more AWS IoT 1-Click devices using a claim code

       The  following claim-devices-by-claim-code example claims the specified
       AWS IoT 1-Click device using a claim code (instead of a device ID).

          aws iot1click-devices claim-devices-by-claim-code \
              --claim-code C-123EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
             "Total": 9
             "ClaimCode": "C-123EXAMPLE"
          }

       For more information, see Using AWS IoT 1-Click with the AWS CLI in the
       AWS IoT 1-Click Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       ClaimCode -> (string)
          The claim code provided by the device manufacturer.

       Total -> (integer)
          The  total number of devices associated with the claim code that has
          been processed in the claim request.



                                                 CLAIM-DEVICES-BY-CLAIM-CODE()
