ASSOCIATE-DEVICE-WITH-PLACEMENT()            ASSOCIATE-DEVICE-WITH-PLACEMENT()



NAME
       associate-device-with-placement -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates a physical device with a placement.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-device-with-placement
          --project-name <value>
          --placement-name <value>
          --device-id <value>
          --device-template-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-name (string)
          The  name  of the project containing the placement in which to asso-
          ciate the device.

       --placement-name (string)
          The name of the placement in which to associate the device.

       --device-id (string)
          The ID of the physical device to be associated with the given place-
          ment  in  the  project.  Note that a mandatory 4 character prefix is
          required for all deviceId values.

       --device-template-name (string)
          The device template name to associate with the device ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate an AWS IoT 1-Click device with an existing placement

       The following associate-device-with-placement  example  associates  the
       specified AWS IoT 1-Click device with an existing placement.

          aws iot1click-projects associate-device-with-placement \
              --project-name AnytownDumpsters \
              --placement-name customer217 \
              --device-template-name empty-dumpster-request \
              --device-id G030PM0123456789

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Using AWS IoT 1-Click with the AWS CLI in the
       AWS IoT 1-Click Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             ASSOCIATE-DEVICE-WITH-PLACEMENT()
