ADD-TAGS-TO-CERTIFICATE()                            ADD-TAGS-TO-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       add-tags-to-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  one  or more tags to an ACM certificate. Tags are labels that you
       can use to identify and organize your Amazon  Web  Services  resources.
       Each tag consists of a key and an optional value . You specify the cer-
       tificate on input by its Amazon Resource Name (ARN).  You  specify  the
       tag by using a key-value pair.

       You  can  apply a tag to just one certificate if you want to identify a
       specific characteristic of that certificate, or you can apply the  same
       tag  to  multiple certificates if you want to filter for a common rela-
       tionship among those certificates. Similarly, you can  apply  the  same
       tag  to  multiple resources if you want to specify a relationship among
       those resources. For example, you can add the same tag to an  ACM  cer-
       tificate  and  an Elastic Load Balancing load balancer to indicate that
       they are both used by the  same  website.  For  more  information,  see
       Tagging ACM certificates .

       To  remove one or more tags, use the  RemoveTagsFromCertificate action.
       To view all of the tags that have been applied to the certificate,  use
       the  ListTagsForCertificate action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-tags-to-certificate
          --certificate-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-arn (string)
          String that contains the ARN of the ACM certificate to which the tag
          is to be applied. This must be of the form:
              arn:aws:acm:region:123456789012:certifi-
              cate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012

          For  more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) .

       --tags (list)
          The key-value pair that defines the tag. The tag value is  optional.

          (structure)
              A  key-value pair that identifies or specifies metadata about an
              ACM resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add tags to an existing ACM Certificate

       The following add-tags-to-certificate command  adds  two  tags  to  the
       specified certificate. Use a space to separate multiple tags:

          aws acm add-tags-to-certificate --certificate-arn arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:123456789012:certificate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --tags Key=Admin,Value=Alice Key=Purpose,Value=Website

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     ADD-TAGS-TO-CERTIFICATE()
