CANCEL-JOB()                                                      CANCEL-JOB()



NAME
       cancel-job -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  cancels a specified job. Only the job owner can cancel
       it. The operation fails if the job has already started or is  complete.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-job
          --job-id <value>
          [--api-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-id (string) A unique identifier which refers to a particular job.

       --api-version (string) Specifies the version of the client tool.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command cancels the specified job:

          aws importexport cancel-job --job-id EX1ID

       Only jobs that were created by the AWS account you're  currently  using
       can be canceled. Jobs that have already completed cannot be canceled.

OUTPUT
       Success -> (boolean)
          Specifies  whether  (true)  or not (false) AWS Import/Export updated
          your job.



                                                                  CANCEL-JOB()
