ABORT-MULTIPART-UPLOAD()                              ABORT-MULTIPART-UPLOAD()



NAME
       abort-multipart-upload -

DESCRIPTION
       This operation aborts a multipart upload identified by the upload ID.

       After  the  Abort  Multipart Upload request succeeds, you cannot upload
       any more parts to  the  multipart  upload  or  complete  the  multipart
       upload.  Aborting  a  completed  upload  fails.  However,  aborting  an
       already-aborted upload will succeed, for a short time. For more  infor-
       mation  about  uploading  a part and completing a multipart upload, see
       UploadMultipartPart and  CompleteMultipartUpload .

       This operation is idempotent.

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However,  AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form  specific  actions. For more information, see Access Control Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For conceptual information and underlying REST API,  see  Working  with
       Archives  in Amazon S3 Glacier and Abort Multipart Upload in the Amazon
       Glacier Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            abort-multipart-upload
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          --upload-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID of the account  that  owns
          the  vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a
          single '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses  the  AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If you use an account ID, do not include any hyphens  ('-')  in  the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --upload-id (string)
          The upload ID of the multipart upload to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The  following  command  deletes  an  in-progress multipart upload to a
       vault named my-vault:

          aws glacier abort-multipart-upload --account-id - --vault-name my-vault --upload-id 19gaRezEXAMPLES6Ry5YYdqthHOC_kGRCT03L9yetr220UmPtBYKk-OssZtLqyFu7sY1_lR7vgFuJV6NtcV5zpsJ

       This command does not produce any output. Amazon  Glacier  requires  an
       account  ID  argument  when  performing  operations,  but you can use a
       hyphen to specify the in-use account. The upload ID is returned by  the
       aws  glacier initiate-multipart-upload command and can also be obtained
       by using aws glacier list-multipart-uploads.

       For more information on multipart uploads to Amazon Glacier  using  the
       AWS CLI, see Using Amazon Glacier in the AWS CLI User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      ABORT-MULTIPART-UPLOAD()
