ASSOCIATE-KMS-KEY()                                        ASSOCIATE-KMS-KEY()



NAME
       associate-kms-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  the  specified  Key  Management Service customer master key
       (CMK) with the specified log group.

       Associating an KMS CMK with a log group overrides any existing associa-
       tions between the log group and a CMK. After a CMK is associated with a
       log group, all newly ingested data for the log group is encrypted using
       the  CMK. This association is stored as long as the data encrypted with
       the CMK is still within CloudWatch Logs. This enables  CloudWatch  Logs
       to decrypt this data whenever it is requested.

       WARNING:
          CloudWatch  Logs  supports  only symmetric CMKs. Do not use an asso-
          ciate an asymmetric CMK with your log group. For  more  information,
          see Using Symmetric and Asymmetric Keys .

       It can take up to 5 minutes for this operation to take effect.

       If you attempt to associate a CMK with a log group but the CMK does not
       exist or the CMK is disabled, you receive an  InvalidParameterException
       error.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-kms-key
          --log-group-name <value>
          --kms-key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --log-group-name (string)
          The name of the log group.

       --kms-key-id (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the CMK to use when encrypting log
          data. This must be a symmetric CMK. For more information, see Amazon
          Resource  Names  -  Key  Management  Service and Using Symmetric and
          Asymmetric Keys .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           ASSOCIATE-KMS-KEY()
