COPY-BACKUP-TO-REGION()                                COPY-BACKUP-TO-REGION()



NAME
       copy-backup-to-region -

DESCRIPTION
       Copy an AWS CloudHSM cluster backup to a different region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            copy-backup-to-region
          --destination-region <value>
          --backup-id <value>
          [--tag-list <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --destination-region (string)
          The  AWS  region  that  will  contain  your  copied CloudHSM cluster
          backup.

       --backup-id (string)
          The ID of the backup that will be copied to the destination  region.

       --tag-list (list)
          Tags  to  apply  to  the  destination backup during creation. If you
          specify tags, only these tags will be  applied  to  the  destination
          backup. If you do not specify tags, the service copies tags from the
          source backup to the destination backup.

          (structure)
              Contains a tag. A tag is a key-value pair.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DestinationBackup -> (structure)
          Information on the backup that will be  copied  to  the  destination
          region,  including CreateTimestamp, SourceBackup, SourceCluster, and
          Source Region. CreateTimestamp of the destination backup will be the
          same as that of the source backup.

          You  will  need to use the sourceBackupID returned in this operation
          to use the  DescribeBackups operation on the  backup  that  will  be
          copied to the destination region.

          CreateTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The date and time when both the source backup was created.

          SourceRegion -> (string)
              The  AWS  region  that contains the source backup from which the
              new backup was copied.

          SourceBackup -> (string)
              The identifier (ID) of the source  backup  from  which  the  new
              backup was copied.

          SourceCluster -> (string)
              The  identifier (ID) of the cluster containing the source backup
              from which the new backup was copied.



                                                       COPY-BACKUP-TO-REGION()
