ADD-TAGS-TO-STREAM()                                      ADD-TAGS-TO-STREAM()



NAME
       add-tags-to-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or  updates  tags  for the specified Kinesis data stream. You can
       assign up to 50 tags to a data stream.

       If tags have already been assigned to the stream, AddTagsToStream over-
       writes any existing tags that correspond to the specified tag keys.
          AddTagsToStream  has  a  limit  of  five transactions per second per
          account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-tags-to-stream
          --stream-name <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-name (string)
          The name of the stream.

       --tags (map)
          A set of up to 10 key-value pairs to use to create the tags.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add tags to a data stream

       The following add-tags-to-stream example assigns a  tag  with  the  key
       samplekey and value example to the specified stream.

          aws kinesis add-tags-to-stream \
              --stream-name samplestream \
              --tags samplekey=example

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Tagging Your Streams in the Amazon Kinesis
       Data Streams Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          ADD-TAGS-TO-STREAM()
