CANCEL-TASK()                                                    CANCEL-TASK()



NAME
       cancel-task -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends a cancel request for a specified task. You can cancel a task only
       if it's still in a QUEUED state. Tasks that are already  running  can't
       be cancelled.

       NOTE:
          A  task  might still run if it's processed from the queue before the
          CancelTask operation changes the task's state.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-task
          --task-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --task-id (string)
          The ID of the task that  you  are  attempting  to  cancel.  You  can
          retrieve a task ID by using the ListTasks operation.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       taskId -> (string)
          The ID of the task that you are attempting to cancel.



                                                                 CANCEL-TASK()
