ACCEPT-MATCH()                                                  ACCEPT-MATCH()



NAME
       accept-match -

DESCRIPTION
       Registers  a  player's  acceptance or rejection of a proposed FlexMatch
       match. A matchmaking configuration may require  player  acceptance;  if
       so,  then  matches  built  with  that configuration cannot be completed
       unless all players accept the proposed match within  a  specified  time
       limit.

       When  FlexMatch builds a match, all the matchmaking tickets involved in
       the proposed match are placed into status REQUIRES_ACCEPTANCE . This is
       a  trigger  for  your  game  to  get acceptance from all players in the
       ticket. Acceptances are only valid for tickets when they  are  in  this
       status; all other acceptances result in an error.

       To  register  acceptance, specify the ticket ID, a response, and one or
       more players. Once all players have registered acceptance,  the  match-
       making  tickets advance to status PLACING , where a new game session is
       created for the match.

       If any player rejects the match, or if  acceptances  are  not  received
       before  a  specified timeout, the proposed match is dropped. The match-
       making tickets are then handled in one of two ways: For  tickets  where
       one  or  more players rejected the match, the ticket status is returned
       to SEARCHING to find a new match. For tickets where one or more players
       failed to respond, the ticket status is set to CANCELLED , and process-
       ing is terminated. A new matchmaking request for these players  can  be
       submitted as needed.
          Learn more

          Add FlexMatch to a game client

          FlexMatch events (reference)

          Related actions
              StartMatchmaking  |   DescribeMatchmaking  |   StopMatchmaking |
              AcceptMatch |  StartMatchBackfill | All APIs by task

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            accept-match
          --ticket-id <value>
          --player-ids <value>
          --acceptance-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ticket-id (string)
          A unique identifier for a matchmaking ticket. The ticket must be  in
          status REQUIRES_ACCEPTANCE ; otherwise this request will fail.

       --player-ids (list)
          A  unique  identifier  for  a  player  delivering the response. This
          parameter can include one or multiple player IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --acceptance-type (string)
          Player response to the proposed match.

          Possible values:

          o ACCEPT

          o REJECT

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                ACCEPT-MATCH()
