BATCH-GET-TRACES()                                          BATCH-GET-TRACES()



NAME
       batch-get-traces -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a list of traces specified by ID. Each trace is a collection
       of segment documents that originates from a single  request.  Use  Get-
       TraceSummaries to get a list of trace IDs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       batch-get-traces  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Traces

SYNOPSIS
            batch-get-traces
          --trace-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --trace-ids (list)
          Specify the trace IDs of requests for which to retrieve segments.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Traces -> (list)
          Full traces for the specified requests.

          (structure)
              A collection of segment documents with matching trace IDs.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for  the  request  that  generated  the
                 trace's segments and subsegments.

              Duration -> (double)
                 The  length  of time in seconds between the start time of the
                 root segment and the end time of the last segment  that  com-
                 pleted.

              LimitExceeded -> (boolean)
                 LimitExceeded  is set to true when the trace has exceeded one
                 of the defined quotas. For more information about quotas, see
                 Amazon Web Services X-Ray endpoints and quotas .

              Segments -> (list)
                 Segment  documents for the segments and subsegments that com-
                 prise the trace.

                 (structure)
                     A segment from a trace that  has  been  ingested  by  the
                     X-Ray service. The segment can be compiled from documents
                     uploaded with PutTraceSegments , or an  inferred  segment
                     for  a  downstream  service,  generated from a subsegment
                     sent by the service that called it.

                     For the full segment document schema, see Amazon Web Ser-
                     vices  X-Ray Segment Documents in the Amazon Web Services
                     X-Ray Developer Guide .

                     Id -> (string)
                        The segment's ID.

                     Document -> (string)
                        The segment document.

       UnprocessedTraceIds -> (list)
          Trace IDs of requests that haven't been processed.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          Pagination token.



                                                            BATCH-GET-TRACES()
