UPDATE-CELL()                                                    UPDATE-CELL()



NAME
       update-cell -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  a  cell to replace the list of nested cells with a new list of
       nested cells.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-cell
          --cell-name <value>
          --cells <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cell-name (string)
          The name of the cell.

       --cells (list)
          A list of  cell  Amazon  Resource  Names  (ARNs),  which  completely
          replaces the previous list.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CellArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the cell.

       CellName -> (string)
          The name of the cell.

       Cells -> (list)
          A list of cell ARNs.

          (string)

       ParentReadinessScopes -> (list)
          The  readiness  scope  for  the  cell,  which  can  be a cell Amazon
          Resource Name (ARN) or a recovery group ARN. This is a list but cur-
          rently can have only one element.

          (string)

       Tags -> (map)
          Tags on the resources.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                                 UPDATE-CELL()
