ASSOCIATE-CONFIGURATION-ITEMS-TOASSOCIATE-CONFIGURATION-ITEMS-TO-APPLICATION()



NAME
       associate-configuration-items-to-application -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates one or more configuration items with an application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-configuration-items-to-application
          --application-configuration-id <value>
          --configuration-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-configuration-id (string)
          The  configuration  ID  of an application with which items are to be
          associated.

       --configuration-ids (list)
          The ID of each configuration item to be associated with an  applica-
          tion.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                ASSOCIATE-CONFIGURATION-ITEMS-TO-APPLICATION()
