EXPORT-CONFIGURATIONS()                                EXPORT-CONFIGURATIONS()



NAME
       export-configurations -

DESCRIPTION
       Deprecated. Use StartExportTask instead.

       Exports  all discovered configuration data to an Amazon S3 bucket or an
       application that enables you  to  view  and  evaluate  the  data.  Data
       includes  tags  and  tag associations, processes, connections, servers,
       and system performance. This API returns an  export  ID  that  you  can
       query  using the DescribeExportConfigurations API. The system imposes a
       limit of two configuration exports in six hours.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            export-configurations
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       exportId -> (string)
          A unique identifier that you can use to query the export status.



                                                       EXPORT-CONFIGURATIONS()
