ADD-NOTIFICATION-CHANNEL()                          ADD-NOTIFICATION-CHANNEL()



NAME
       add-notification-channel -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  a  notification channel to DevOps Guru. A notification channel is
       used to notify you about important DevOps Guru events, such as when  an
       insight is generated.

       If  you  use  an Amazon SNS topic in another account, you must attach a
       policy to it that grants DevOps Guru permission  to  it  notifications.
       DevOps  Guru  adds the required policy on your behalf to send notifica-
       tions using Amazon SNS in  your  account.  For  more  information,  see
       Permissions for cross account Amazon SNS topics .

       If  you use an Amazon SNS topic that is encrypted by an Amazon Web Ser-
       vices Key Management Service customer-managed key (CMK), then you  must
       add  permissions  to the CMK. For more information, see Permissions for
       Amazon Web Services KMSencrypted Amazon SNS topics .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-notification-channel
          --config <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --config (structure)
          A NotificationChannelConfig object that specifies what type of noti-
          fication  channel  to add. The one supported notification channel is
          Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).

          Sns -> (structure)
              Information about a notification channel  configured  in  DevOps
              Guru to send notifications when insights are created.

              If  you  use  an  Amazon  SNS topic in another account, you must
              attach a policy to it that grants DevOps Guru permission  to  it
              notifications.  DevOps  Guru  adds  the  required policy on your
              behalf to send notifications using Amazon SNS in  your  account.
              For  more  information, see Permissions for cross account Amazon
              SNS topics .

              If you use an Amazon SNS topic that is encrypted  by  an  Amazon
              Web  Services Key Management Service customer-managed key (CMK),
              then you must add permissions to the CMK. For more  information,
              see  Permissions for Amazon Web Services KMSencrypted Amazon SNS
              topics .

              TopicArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an Amazon Simple  Notifica-
                 tion Service topic.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Sns={TopicArn=string}

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Sns": {
              "TopicArn": "string"
            }
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Id -> (string)
          The ID of the added notification channel.



                                                    ADD-NOTIFICATION-CHANNEL()
