CANCEL-ROTATE-SECRET()                                  CANCEL-ROTATE-SECRET()



NAME
       cancel-rotate-secret -

DESCRIPTION
       Turns  off  automatic  rotation,  and  if  a  rotation  is currently in
       progress, cancels the rotation.

       To turn on automatic rotation again, call  RotateSecret .

       NOTE:
          If you cancel a rotation in progress, it can leave the  VersionStage
          labels in an unexpected state. Depending on the step of the rotation
          in progress, you might need to remove the staging  label  AWSPENDING
          from  the  partially  created  version,  specified  by the VersionId
          response value. We recommend you also evaluate the partially rotated
          new version to see if it should be deleted. You can delete a version
          by removing all staging labels from it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-rotate-secret
          --secret-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --secret-id (string)
          The ARN or name of the secret.

          For an ARN, we recommend that you specify a complete ARN rather than
          a partial ARN.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To turn off automatic rotation for a secret

       The following cancel-rotate-secret example turns off automatic rotation
       for a secret. To resume rotation, call rotate-secret.

          aws secretsmanager cancel-rotate-secret \
              --secret-id MyTestSecret

       Output:

          {
            "ARN": "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-2:123456789012:secret:MyTestSecret-a1b2c3",
            "Name": "MyTestSecret"
          }

       For more information, see Rotate a secret in the Secrets  Manager  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       ARN -> (string)
          The ARN of the secret.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the secret.

       VersionId -> (string)
          The  unique  identifier  of the version of the secret created during
          the rotation. This version might not  be  complete,  and  should  be
          evaluated  for  possible  deletion. We recommend that you remove the
          VersionStage value AWSPENDING from this version so that Secrets Man-
          ager  can  delete  it.  Failing to clean up a cancelled rotation can
          block you from starting future rotations.



                                                        CANCEL-ROTATE-SECRET()
