GET-ICE-SERVER-CONFIG()                                GET-ICE-SERVER-CONFIG()



NAME
       get-ice-server-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the Interactive Connectivity Establishment (ICE) server configura-
       tion information, including URIs, username, and password which  can  be
       used  to  configure  the WebRTC connection. The ICE component uses this
       configuration information to setup  the  WebRTC  connection,  including
       authenticating  with the Traversal Using Relays around NAT (TURN) relay
       server.

       TURN is a  protocol  that  is  used  to  improve  the  connectivity  of
       peer-to-peer  applications.  By  providing a cloud-based relay service,
       TURN ensures that a connection can be established even when one or more
       peers  are  incapable  of  a  direct  peer-to-peer connection. For more
       information, see A REST API For Access To TURN Services .

       You can invoke this API to  establish  a  fallback  mechanism  in  case
       either  of  the peers is unable to establish a direct peer-to-peer con-
       nection over a signaling channel. You must specify either  a  signaling
       channel ARN or the client ID in order to invoke this API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-ice-server-config
          --channel-arn <value>
          [--client-id <value>]
          [--service <value>]
          [--username <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --channel-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of  the  signaling channel to be used for the peer-to-peer
          connection between configured peers.

       --client-id (string)
          Unique identifier for the viewer. Must be unique within the  signal-
          ing channel.

       --service (string)
          Specifies  the  desired  service.  Currently, TURN is the only valid
          value.

          Possible values:

          o TURN

       --username (string)
          An optional user ID to be associated with the credentials.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       IceServerList -> (list)
          The list of ICE server information objects.

          (structure)
              A structure for the ICE server connection data.

              Uris -> (list)
                 An  array  of  URIs,   in   the   form   specified   in   the
                 I-D.petithuguenin-behave-turn-uris  spec.  These URIs provide
                 the different addresses and/or protocols that can be used  to
                 reach the TURN server.

                 (string)

              Username -> (string)
                 A username to login to the ICE server.

              Password -> (string)
                 A password to login to the ICE server.

              Ttl -> (integer)
                 The period of time, in seconds, during which the username and
                 password are valid.



                                                       GET-ICE-SERVER-CONFIG()
