DESCRIBE-ACCELERATOR-OFFERINGS()              DESCRIBE-ACCELERATOR-OFFERINGS()



NAME
       describe-accelerator-offerings -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  locations  in  which a given accelerator type or set of
       types is present in a given region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-accelerator-offerings
          --location-type <value>
          [--accelerator-types <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --location-type (string)
          The location type that you want to describe accelerator type  offer-
          ings  for.  It  can assume the following values: region: will return
          the accelerator type offering  at  the  regional  level.  availabil-
          ity-zone:  will  return  the accelerator type offering at the avail-
          ability zone level. availability-zone-id: will return the  accelera-
          tor  type  offering  at  the  availability  zone level returning the
          availability zone id.

          Possible values:

          o region

          o availability-zone

          o availability-zone-id

       --accelerator-types (list)
          The list of accelerator types to describe.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       acceleratorTypeOfferings -> (list)
          The list of accelerator type offerings for a specific location.

          (structure)
              The offering for an Elastic Inference Accelerator type.

              acceleratorType -> (string)
                 The name of the Elastic Inference Accelerator type.

              locationType -> (string)
                 The location type for the offering. It can assume the follow-
                 ing  values:  region:  defines  that  the  offering is at the
                 regional level. availability-zone: defines that the  offering
                 is  at  the  availability  zone  level. availability-zone-id:
                 defines that the offering is at the availability zone  level,
                 defined by the availability zone id.

              location -> (string)
                 The  location  for  the  offering.  It will return either the
                 region, availability zone or availability  zone  id  for  the
                 offering depending on the locationType value.



                                              DESCRIBE-ACCELERATOR-OFFERINGS()
