ASSOCIATE-CREATED-ARTIFACT()                      ASSOCIATE-CREATED-ARTIFACT()



NAME
       associate-created-artifact -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  created  artifact  of  an AWS cloud resource, the target
       receiving the migration, with the migration task performed by a  migra-
       tion tool. This API has the following traits:

       o Migration  tools  can  call the AssociateCreatedArtifact operation to
         indicate which AWS artifact is associated with a migration task.

       o The created artifact name must be provided in  ARN  (Amazon  Resource
         Name)  format  which  will contain information about type and region;
         for example: arn:aws:ec2:us-east-1:488216288981:image/ami-6d0ba87b  .

       o Examples  of the AWS resource behind the created artifact are, AMI's,
         EC2 instance, or DMS endpoint, etc.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-created-artifact
          --progress-update-stream <value>
          --migration-task-name <value>
          --created-artifact <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --progress-update-stream (string)
          The name of the ProgressUpdateStream.

       --migration-task-name (string)
          Unique identifier that references the migration task. Do  not  store
          personal data in this field.

       --created-artifact (structure)
          An  ARN of the AWS resource related to the migration (e.g., AMI, EC2
          instance, RDS instance, etc.)

          Name -> (string)
              An ARN that uniquely identifies the result of a migration  task.

          Description -> (string)
              A  description  that  can be free-form text to record additional
              detail about the artifact for clarity or for later reference.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Description=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Name": "string",
            "Description": "string"
          }

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Optional boolean flag to indicate whether  any  effect  should  take
          place. Used to test if the caller has permission to make the call.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  ASSOCIATE-CREATED-ARTIFACT()
