ACCEPT-CERTIFICATE-TRANSFER()                    ACCEPT-CERTIFICATE-TRANSFER()



NAME
       accept-certificate-transfer -

DESCRIPTION
       Accepts  a  pending certificate transfer. The default state of the cer-
       tificate is INACTIVE.

       To check for pending certificate transfers, call   ListCertificates  to
       enumerate your certificates.

       Requires permission to access the AcceptCertificateTransfer action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            accept-certificate-transfer
          --certificate-id <value>
          [--set-as-active | --no-set-as-active]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the  certificate. (The last part of the certificate ARN
          contains the certificate ID.)

       --set-as-active | --no-set-as-active (boolean)
          Specifies whether the certificate is active.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To accept a device certificate transferred from a different AWS account

       The following accept-certificate-transfer example accepts a device cer-
       tificate transferred from another AWS account. The certificate is iden-
       tified by its ID.

          aws iot accept-certificate-transfer \
              --certificate-id 488b6a7f2acdeb00a77384e63c4e40b18bEXAMPLEe57b7272ba44c45e3448142

       This command does not produce any output.

       For  more information, see Transfer a certificate to another account in
       the AWS IoT Core Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 ACCEPT-CERTIFICATE-TRANSFER()
