CREATE-CONTAINER()                                          CREATE-CONTAINER()



NAME
       create-container -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a storage container to hold objects. A container is similar to
       a bucket in the Amazon S3 service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-container
          --container-name <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --container-name (string)
          The name for the container. The name must be from 1 to  255  charac-
          ters.  Container  names  must be unique to your AWS account within a
          specific region. As an example, you could create a  container  named
          movies  in  every  region, as long as you dont have an existing con-
          tainer with that name.

       --tags (list)
          An array of key:value pairs that you define.  These  values  can  be
          anything that you want. Typically, the tag key represents a category
          (such as "environment") and the  tag  value  represents  a  specific
          value  within that category (such as "test," "development," or "pro-
          duction"). You can add up to 50 tags to  each  container.  For  more
          information  about  tagging, including naming and usage conventions,
          see Tagging Resources in MediaStore .

          (structure)
              A collection of tags associated with a container. Each tag  con-
              sists  of  a  key:value  pair, which can be anything you define.
              Typically, the tag key represents a category (such as  "environ-
              ment") and the tag value represents a specific value within that
              category (such as "test," "development," or  "production").  You
              can  add  up  to 50 tags to each container. For more information
              about tagging,  including  naming  and  usage  conventions,  see
              Tagging Resources in MediaStore .

              Key -> (string)
                 Part  of the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can use a
                 tag key to describe a category of information, such as  "cus-
                 tomer." Tag keys are case-sensitive.

              Value -> (string)
                 Part  of the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can use a
                 tag value to describe a specific  value  within  a  category,
                 such  as "companyA" or "companyB." Tag values are case-sensi-
                 tive.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create a container

       The following create-container example creates a new, empty  container.

          aws mediastore create-container --container-name ExampleContainer

       Output:

          {
              "Container": {
                  "AccessLoggingEnabled": false,
                  "CreationTime": 1563557265,
                  "Name": "ExampleContainer",
                  "Status": "CREATING",
                  "ARN": "arn:aws:mediastore:us-west-2:111122223333:container/ExampleContainer"
              }
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Creating a Container in the AWS Elemental
       MediaStore User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Container -> (structure)
          ContainerARN: The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  the  newly  created
          container.     The     ARN     has     the     following     format:
          arn:aws:<region>:<account that owns this  container>:container/<name
          of        container>.       For       example:       arn:aws:medias-
          tore:us-west-2:111122223333:container/movies

          ContainerName: The container name as specified in the request.

          CreationTime: Unix time stamp.

          Status: The status of container creation or deletion. The status  is
          one  of  the  following: CREATING , ACTIVE , or DELETING . While the
          service is creating the container, the status is CREATING . When  an
          endpoint is available, the status changes to ACTIVE .

          The  return value does not include the container's endpoint. To make
          downstream  requests,  you  must  obtain   this   value   by   using
          DescribeContainer or  ListContainers .

          Endpoint -> (string)
              The  DNS endpoint of the container. Use the endpoint to identify
              the specific container when sending requests to the data  plane.
              The  service  assigns  this value when the container is created.
              Once the value has been assigned, it does not change.

          CreationTime -> (timestamp)
              Unix timestamp.

          ARN -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the container. The ARN has the
              following format:

              arn:aws:<region>:<account   that   owns   this   container>:con-
              tainer/<name of container>

              For   example:    arn:aws:mediastore:us-west-2:111122223333:con-
              tainer/movies

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the container.

          Status -> (string)
              The  status of container creation or deletion. The status is one
              of the following: CREATING , ACTIVE , or DELETING  .  While  the
              service is creating the container, the status is CREATING . When
              the endpoint is available, the status changes to ACTIVE .

          AccessLoggingEnabled -> (boolean)
              The state of access logging on  the  container.  This  value  is
              false  by default, indicating that AWS Elemental MediaStore does
              not send access logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. When you  enable
              access  logging  on the container, MediaStore changes this value
              to true , indicating that the service delivers access  logs  for
              objects stored in that container to CloudWatch Logs.



                                                            CREATE-CONTAINER()
