ACCEPT-ADMINISTRATOR-INVITATION()            ACCEPT-ADMINISTRATOR-INVITATION()



NAME
       accept-administrator-invitation -

DESCRIPTION
       Accepts  the  invitation to be a member account and be monitored by the
       Security Hub administrator account that the invitation was sent from.

       This operation is only used by  member  accounts  that  are  not  added
       through Organizations.

       When  the  member account accepts the invitation, permission is granted
       to the administrator account to view findings generated in  the  member
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            accept-administrator-invitation
          --administrator-id <value>
          --invitation-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --administrator-id (string)
          The  account  ID of the Security Hub administrator account that sent
          the invitation.

       --invitation-id (string)
          The identifier of the invitation sent from the Security Hub adminis-
          trator account.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To accept an invitation from an administrator account

       The following accept-administrator-invitation example accepts the spec-
       ified invitation from the specified administrator account.

          aws securityhub accept-invitation \
              --administrator-id 123456789012 \
              --invitation-id 7ab938c5d52d7904ad09f9e7c20cc4eb

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             ACCEPT-ADMINISTRATOR-INVITATION()
