ADD-PROFILE-KEY()                                            ADD-PROFILE-KEY()



NAME
       add-profile-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  new key value with a specific profile, such as a Contact
       Trace Record (CTR) ContactId.

       A profile object can have a single unique key and any number  of  addi-
       tional  keys  that  can be used to identify the profile that it belongs
       to.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-profile-key
          --profile-id <value>
          --key-name <value>
          --values <value>
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --profile-id (string)
          The unique identifier of a customer profile.

       --key-name (string)
          A searchable identifier of a customer profile.

       --values (list)
          A list of key values.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --domain-name (string)
          The unique name of the domain.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       KeyName -> (string)
          A searchable identifier of a customer profile.

       Values -> (list)
          A list of key values.

          (string)



                                                             ADD-PROFILE-KEY()
