CREATE-ENDPOINT()                                            CREATE-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       create-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon  S3  on  Outposts Access Points simplify managing data access at
       scale for shared datasets in S3 on Outposts. S3 on Outposts  uses  end-
       points  to  connect to Outposts buckets so that you can perform actions
       within your virtual private cloud  (VPC).  For  more  information,  see
       Accessing S3 on Outposts using VPC only access points .

       This  action  creates  an endpoint and associates it with the specified
       Outposts.

       NOTE:
          It can take up to 5 minutes for this action to complete.

       Related actions include:

       o DeleteEndpoint

       o ListEndpoints

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-endpoint
          --outpost-id <value>
          --subnet-id <value>
          --security-group-id <value>
          [--access-type <value>]
          [--customer-owned-ipv4-pool <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --outpost-id (string)
          The ID of the AWS Outposts.

       --subnet-id (string)
          The ID of the subnet in the selected VPC. The endpoint  subnet  must
          belong  to  the  Outpost  that  has the Amazon S3 on Outposts provi-
          sioned.

       --security-group-id (string)
          The ID of the security group to use with the endpoint.

       --access-type (string)
          The type of access for the on-premise network connectivity  for  the
          Outpost  endpoint.  To  access the endpoint from an on-premises net-
          work, you must specify the access  type  and  provide  the  customer
          owned IPv4 pool.

          Possible values:

          o Private

          o CustomerOwnedIp

       --customer-owned-ipv4-pool (string)
          The  ID  of  the  customer-owned  IPv4  pool  for  the  endpoint. IP
          addresses will be allocated from this pool for the endpoint.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EndpointArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the endpoint.



                                                             CREATE-ENDPOINT()
