CREATE-AUTO-PREDICTOR()                                CREATE-AUTO-PREDICTOR()



NAME
       create-auto-predictor -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates an Amazon Forecast predictor.

       Amazon  Forecast  creates predictors with AutoPredictor, which involves
       applying the optimal combination of algorithms to each time  series  in
       your  datasets.  You can use  CreateAutoPredictor to create new predic-
       tors or upgrade/retrain existing predictors.
          Creating new predictors

       The following parameters are required when creating a new predictor:

       o PredictorName - A unique name for the predictor.

       o DatasetGroupArn - The ARN of the dataset group used to train the pre-
         dictor.

       o ForecastFrequency - The granularity of your forecasts (hourly, daily,
         weekly, etc).

       o ForecastHorizon - The number of time steps being forecasted.

       When creating a new predictor, do not specify a value for ReferencePre-
       dictorArn .
          Upgrading and retraining predictors

       The  following  parameters  are required when retraining or upgrading a
       predictor:

       o PredictorName - A unique name for the predictor.

       o ReferencePredictorArn - The  ARN  of  the  predictor  to  retrain  or
         upgrade.

       When  upgrading  or retraining a predictor, only specify values for the
       ReferencePredictorArn and PredictorName .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-auto-predictor
          --predictor-name <value>
          [--forecast-horizon <value>]
          [--forecast-types <value>]
          [--forecast-dimensions <value>]
          [--forecast-frequency <value>]
          [--data-config <value>]
          [--encryption-config <value>]
          [--reference-predictor-arn <value>]
          [--optimization-metric <value>]
          [--explain-predictor | --no-explain-predictor]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --predictor-name (string)
          A unique name for the predictor

       --forecast-horizon (integer)
          The number of time-steps that the model predicts. The forecast hori-
          zon is also called the prediction length.

       --forecast-types (list)
          The  forecast types used to train a predictor. You can specify up to
          five forecast types. Forecast types can be quantiles  from  0.01  to
          0.99, by increments of 0.01 or higher. You can also specify the mean
          forecast with mean .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --forecast-dimensions (list)
          An array of dimension (field) names that specify how  to  group  the
          generated forecast.

          For  example,  if you are generating forecasts for item sales across
          all your stores, and your dataset contains  a  store_id  field,  you
          would  specify  store_id as a dimension to group sales forecasts for
          each store.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --forecast-frequency (string)
          The frequency of predictions in a forecast.

          Valid intervals are Y (Year),  M  (Month),  W  (Week),  D  (Day),  H
          (Hour),  30min (30 minutes), 15min (15 minutes), 10min (10 minutes),
          5min (5 minutes), and 1min (1 minute). For  example,  "Y"  indicates
          every year and "5min" indicates every five minutes.

          The   frequency   must   be  greater  than  or  equal  to  the  TAR-
          GET_TIME_SERIES dataset frequency.

          When a RELATED_TIME_SERIES dataset is provided, the  frequency  must
          be equal to the RELATED_TIME_SERIES dataset frequency.

       --data-config (structure)
          The  data  configuration  for  your dataset group and any additional
          datasets.

          DatasetGroupArn -> (string)
              The ARN of the dataset group used to train the predictor.

          AttributeConfigs -> (list)
              Aggregation and filling options for attributes in  your  dataset
              group.

              (structure)
                 Provides  information  about  the  method  used  to transform
                 attributes.

                 The following is an example using the RETAIL domain:
                     {

                     "AttributeName": "demand",

                     "Transformations": {"aggregation":  "sum",  "middlefill":
                     "zero", "backfill": "zero"}

                     }

                 AttributeName -> (string)
                     The  name  of  the  attribute as specified in the schema.
                     Amazon Forecast supports the target field of  the  target
                     time  series  and  the  related time series datasets. For
                     example, for the RETAIL domain, the target is demand .

                 Transformations -> (map)
                     The method parameters (key-value pairs), which are a  map
                     of override parameters. Specify these parameters to over-
                     ride the default values. Related Time  Series  attributes
                     do not accept aggregation parameters.

                     The  following  list shows the parameters and their valid
                     values for the "filling" featurization method for a  Tar-
                     get Time Series dataset. Default values are bolded.

                     o aggregation : sum , avg , first , min , max

                     o frontfill : none

                     o middlefill  : zero , nan (not a number), value , median
                       , mean , min , max

                     o backfill : zero , nan , value , median , mean ,  min  ,
                       max

                     The  following  list shows the parameters and their valid
                     values for a Related  Time  Series  featurization  method
                     (there are no defaults):

                     o middlefill : zero , value , median , mean , min , max

                     o backfill : zero , value , median , mean , min , max

                     o futurefill : zero , value , median , mean , min , max

                     To set a filling method to a specific value, set the fill
                     parameter to value and define the value in a  correspond-
                     ing  _value parameter. For example, to set backfilling to
                     a value of 2, include the following: "backfill":  "value"
                     and "backfill_value":"2" .

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

          AdditionalDatasets -> (list)
              Additional  built-in  datasets  like  Holidays  and  the Weather
              Index.

              (structure)
                 Describes an additional dataset. This object is part  of  the
                 DataConfig  object.  Forecast  supports the Weather Index and
                 Holidays additional datasets.
                     Weather Index

                 The Amazon Forecast Weather Index is a built-in dataset  that
                 incorporates  historical  and  projected  weather information
                 into your model. The Weather Index supplements your  datasets
                 with  over  two years of historical weather data and up to 14
                 days of projected weather data.  For  more  information,  see
                 Amazon Forecast Weather Index .
                     Holidays

                 Holidays  is  a  built-in  dataset that incorporates national
                 holiday information into your model. It provides native  sup-
                 port  for  the holiday calendars of 66 countries. To view the
                 holiday calendars, refer to the Jollyday  library.  For  more
                 information, see Holidays Featurization .

                 Name -> (string)
                     The  name  of the additional dataset. Valid names: "holi-
                     day" and "weather" .

                 Configuration -> (map)
                        Weather Index

                     To enable the Weather Index, do not specify a  value  for
                     Configuration .
                        Holidays

                     To enable Holidays, set CountryCode to one of the follow-
                     ing two-letter country codes:

                     o "AL" - ALBANIA

                     o "AR" - ARGENTINA

                     o "AT" - AUSTRIA

                     o "AU" - AUSTRALIA

                     o "BA" - BOSNIA HERZEGOVINA

                     o "BE" - BELGIUM

                     o "BG" - BULGARIA

                     o "BO" - BOLIVIA

                     o "BR" - BRAZIL

                     o "BY" - BELARUS

                     o "CA" - CANADA

                     o "CL" - CHILE

                     o "CO" - COLOMBIA

                     o "CR" - COSTA RICA

                     o "HR" - CROATIA

                     o "CZ" - CZECH REPUBLIC

                     o "DK" - DENMARK

                     o "EC" - ECUADOR

                     o "EE" - ESTONIA

                     o "ET" - ETHIOPIA

                     o "FI" - FINLAND

                     o "FR" - FRANCE

                     o "DE" - GERMANY

                     o "GR" - GREECE

                     o "HU" - HUNGARY

                     o "IS" - ICELAND

                     o "IN" - INDIA

                     o "IE" - IRELAND

                     o "IT" - ITALY

                     o "JP" - JAPAN

                     o "KZ" - KAZAKHSTAN

                     o "KR" - KOREA

                     o "LV" - LATVIA

                     o "LI" - LIECHTENSTEIN

                     o "LT" - LITHUANIA

                     o "LU" - LUXEMBOURG

                     o "MK" - MACEDONIA

                     o "MT" - MALTA

                     o "MX" - MEXICO

                     o "MD" - MOLDOVA

                     o "ME" - MONTENEGRO

                     o "NL" - NETHERLANDS

                     o "NZ" - NEW ZEALAND

                     o "NI" - NICARAGUA

                     o "NG" - NIGERIA

                     o "NO" - NORWAY

                     o "PA" - PANAMA

                     o "PY" - PARAGUAY

                     o "PE" - PERU

                     o "PL" - POLAND

                     o "PT" - PORTUGAL

                     o "RO" - ROMANIA

                     o "RU" - RUSSIA

                     o "RS" - SERBIA

                     o "SK" - SLOVAKIA

                     o "SI" - SLOVENIA

                     o "ZA" - SOUTH AFRICA

                     o "ES" - SPAIN

                     o "SE" - SWEDEN

                     o "CH" - SWITZERLAND

                     o "UA" - UKRAINE

                     o "AE" - UNITED ARAB EMIRATES

                     o "US" - UNITED STATES

                     o "UK" - UNITED KINGDOM

                     o "UY" - URUGUAY

                     o "VE" - VENEZUELA

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (list)
                        (string)

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "DatasetGroupArn": "string",
            "AttributeConfigs": [
              {
                "AttributeName": "string",
                "Transformations": {"string": "string"
                  ...}
              }
              ...
            ],
            "AdditionalDatasets": [
              {
                "Name": "string",
                "Configuration": {"string": ["string", ...]
                  ...}
              }
              ...
            ]
          }

       --encryption-config (structure)
          An AWS Key Management Service (KMS) key  and  an  AWS  Identity  and
          Access  Management  (IAM)  role  that  Amazon Forecast can assume to
          access the key. You can specify this optional object in the  Create-
          Dataset and  CreatePredictor requests.

          RoleArn -> (string)
              The  ARN  of  the  IAM  role  that Amazon Forecast can assume to
              access the AWS KMS key.

              Passing a role across AWS accounts is not allowed. If you pass a
              role  that  isn't in your account, you get an InvalidInputExcep-
              tion error.

          KMSKeyArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the KMS key.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          RoleArn=string,KMSKeyArn=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "RoleArn": "string",
            "KMSKeyArn": "string"
          }

       --reference-predictor-arn (string)
          The ARN of the predictor to retrain or upgrade.  This  parameter  is
          only  used when retraining or upgrading a predictor. When creating a
          new predictor, do not specify a value for this parameter.

          When upgrading or retraining a predictor, only  specify  values  for
          the  ReferencePredictorArn and PredictorName . The value for Predic-
          torName must be a unique predictor name.

       --optimization-metric (string)
          The accuracy metric used to optimize the predictor.

          Possible values:

          o WAPE

          o RMSE

          o AverageWeightedQuantileLoss

          o MASE

          o MAPE

       --explain-predictor | --no-explain-predictor (boolean)
          Create an Explainability resource for the predictor.

       --tags (list)
          Optional metadata to help you categorize and organize  your  predic-
          tors.  Each  tag  consists  of  a key and an optional value, both of
          which you define. Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

          The following restrictions apply to tags:

          o For each resource, each tag key must be unique and  each  tag  key
            must have one value.

          o Maximum number of tags per resource: 50.

          o Maximum key length: 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

          o Maximum value length: 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

          o Accepted characters: all letters and numbers, spaces representable
            in UTF-8, and + - = . _ : / @. If  your  tagging  schema  is  used
            across other services and resources, the character restrictions of
            those services also apply.

          o Key prefixes cannot include any upper or lowercase combination  of
            aws: or AWS: . Values can have this prefix. If a tag value has aws
            as its prefix but the key does not, Forecast considers it to be  a
            user  tag  and  will count against the limit of 50 tags. Tags with
            only the key prefix of aws do not  count  against  your  tags  per
            resource  limit. You cannot edit or delete tag keys with this pre-
            fix.

          (structure)
              The optional metadata that you apply to a resource to  help  you
              categorize  and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an
              optional value, both of which you define.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.

              o For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and  each  tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o If  your  tagging  schema is used across multiple services and
                resources, remember that other services may have  restrictions
                on  allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are: let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of such as a prefix for keys as it is reserved  for  AWS  use.
                You  cannot  edit  or delete tag keys with this prefix. Values
                can have this prefix. If a tag value has aws as its prefix but
                the  key does not, then Forecast considers it to be a user tag
                and will count against the limit of 50 tags.  Tags  with  only
                the  key  prefix  of  aws  do  not count against your tags per
                resource limit.

              Key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is  a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag.  A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PredictorArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the predictor.



                                                       CREATE-AUTO-PREDICTOR()
