ADD-ASSOCIATION()                                            ADD-ASSOCIATION()



NAME
       add-association -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates an association between the source and the destination. A source
       can be associated with multiple destinations, and a destination can  be
       associated  with multiple sources. An association is a lineage tracking
       entity. For more information, see Amazon SageMaker ML Lineage  Tracking
       .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-association
          --source-arn <value>
          --destination-arn <value>
          [--association-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --source-arn (string)
          The ARN of the source.

       --destination-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the destination.

       --association-type (string)
          The  type  of association. The following are suggested uses for each
          type. Amazon SageMaker places no restrictions on their use.

          o ContributedTo - The source contributed to the destination or had a
            part  in  enabling the destination. For example, the training data
            contributed to the training job.

          o AssociatedWith - The source is connected to the  destination.  For
            example,  an  approval workflow is associated with a model deploy-
            ment.

          o DerivedFrom - The destination is a modification of the source. For
            example,  a  digest output of a channel input for a processing job
            is derived from the original inputs.

          o Produced - The source generated the destination.  For  example,  a
            training job produced a model artifact.

          Possible values:

          o ContributedTo

          o AssociatedWith

          o DerivedFrom

          o Produced

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SourceArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the source.

       DestinationArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the destination.



                                                             ADD-ASSOCIATION()
