ASSOCIATE-ASSETS()                                          ASSOCIATE-ASSETS()



NAME
       associate-assets -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a child asset with the given parent asset through a hierar-
       chy defined in the parent asset's  model.  For  more  information,  see
       Associating assets in the IoT SiteWise User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-assets
          --asset-id <value>
          --hierarchy-id <value>
          --child-asset-id <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --asset-id (string)
          The ID of the parent asset.

       --hierarchy-id (string)
          The ID of a hierarchy in the parent asset's model. Hierarchies allow
          different groupings of assets to be formed that all  come  from  the
          same asset model. For more information, see Asset hierarchies in the
          IoT SiteWise User Guide .

       --child-asset-id (string)
          The ID of the child asset to be associated.

       --client-token (string)
          A unique case-sensitive identifier that you can  provide  to  ensure
          the  idempotency  of the request. Don't reuse this client token if a
          new idempotent request is required.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a child asset to a parent asset

       The following associate-assets example associates a wind turbine  asset
       to  a  wind  farm asset, where the wind turbine asset model exists as a
       hierarchy in the wind farm asset model.

          aws iotsitewise associate-assets \
              --asset-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-44444EXAMPLE \
              --hierarchy-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-77777EXAMPLE \
              --child-asset-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-33333EXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Associating assets in the  AWS  IoT  SiteWise
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            ASSOCIATE-ASSETS()
