ADD-TAGS-TO-RESOURCE()                                  ADD-TAGS-TO-RESOURCE()



NAME
       add-tags-to-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       A  tag  is a key-value pair where the key and value are case-sensitive.
       You  can  use  tags  to  categorize  and  track  all  your  ElastiCache
       resources, with the exception of global replication group. When you add
       or remove tags on replication groups, those actions will be  replicated
       to  all  nodes  in  the  replication  group.  For more information, see
       Resource-level permissions .

       For example, you can  use  cost-allocation  tags  to  your  ElastiCache
       resources,  Amazon  generates a cost allocation report as a comma-sepa-
       rated value (CSV) file with your usage and  costs  aggregated  by  your
       tags.  You  can  apply tags that represent business categories (such as
       cost centers, application names, or  owners)  to  organize  your  costs
       across multiple services.

       For  more information, see Using Cost Allocation Tags in Amazon Elasti-
       Cache in the ElastiCache User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-tags-to-resource
          --resource-name <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-name (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to which the tags are
          to       be       added,       for      example      arn:aws:elasti-
          cache:us-west-2:0123456789:cluster:myCluster   or    arn:aws:elasti-
          cache:us-west-2:0123456789:snapshot:mySnapshot     .     ElastiCache
          resources are cluster and snapshot .

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon  Resource  Names  (ARNs)
          and Amazon Service Namespaces .

       --tags (list)
          A  list  of  tags to be added to this resource. A tag is a key-value
          pair. A tag key must be accompanied by a tag value, although null is
          accepted.

          (structure)
              A tag that can be added to an ElastiCache cluster or replication
              group. Tags are composed of a Key/Value pair. You can  use  tags
              to categorize and track all your ElastiCache resources, with the
              exception of global replication group. When you  add  or  remove
              tags  on replication groups, those actions will be replicated to
              all nodes in the replication group. A tag with a null  Value  is
              permitted.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag. May not be null.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value. May be null.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add tags to a resource

       The   following  add-tags-to-resource  example  adds  up  to  10  tags,
       key-value pairs, to a cluster or snapshot resource.

          aws elasticache add-tags-to-resource \
              --resource-name "arn:aws:elasticache:us-east-1:1234567890:cluster:my-mem-cluster" \
              --tags '{"20150202":15, "ElastiCache":"Service"}'

       Output:

          {
              "TagList": [
                  {
                      "Value": "20150202",
                      "Key": "APIVersion"
                  },
                  {
                      "Value": "ElastiCache",
                      "Key": "Service"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Monitoring Costs with Cost Allocation Tags in
       the Elasticache User Guide.

OUTPUT
       TagList -> (list)
          A list of tags as key-value pairs.

          (structure)
              A tag that can be added to an ElastiCache cluster or replication
              group. Tags are composed of a Key/Value pair. You can  use  tags
              to categorize and track all your ElastiCache resources, with the
              exception of global replication group. When you  add  or  remove
              tags  on replication groups, those actions will be replicated to
              all nodes in the replication group. A tag with a null  Value  is
              permitted.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag. May not be null.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value. May be null.



                                                        ADD-TAGS-TO-RESOURCE()
