ADD-TAGS-TO-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCES()        ADD-TAGS-TO-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCES()



NAME
       add-tags-to-on-premises-instances -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds tags to on-premises instances.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-tags-to-on-premises-instances
          --tags <value>
          --instance-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tags (list)
          The tag key-value pairs to add to the on-premises instances.

          Keys  and  values  are  both  required. Keys cannot be null or empty
          strings. Value-only tags are not allowed.

          (structure)
              Information about a tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag's key.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --instance-names (list)
          The names of the on-premises instances to which to add tags.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add tags to on-premises instances

       The follwoing add-tags-to-on-premises-instances example  associates  in
       AWS  CodeDeploy  the  same  on-premises instance tag to two on-premises
       instances. It does not register the on-premises instances with AWS Cod-
       eDeploy.

          aws deploy add-tags-to-on-premises-instances \
              --instance-names AssetTag12010298EX AssetTag23121309EX \
              --tags Key=Name,Value=CodeDeployDemo-OnPrem

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           ADD-TAGS-TO-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCES()
