LIST-DEPLOYMENT-INSTANCES()                        LIST-DEPLOYMENT-INSTANCES()



NAME
       list-deployment-instances -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          The  newer  BatchGetDeploymentTargets should be used instead because
          it works with all compute types. ListDeploymentInstances  throws  an
          exception  if  it  is  used  with  a  compute  platform  other  than
          EC2/On-premises or AWS Lambda.

       Lists the instance for a deployment associated with the IAM user or AWS
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-deployment-instances  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: instancesList

SYNOPSIS
            list-deployment-instances
          --deployment-id <value>
          [--instance-status-filter <value>]
          [--instance-type-filter <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --deployment-id (string)
          The unique ID of a deployment.

       --instance-status-filter (list)
          A subset of instances to list by status:

          o Pending : Include those instances with pending deployments.

          o InProgress : Include those instances where deployments  are  still
            in progress.

          o Succeeded : Include those instances with successful deployments.

          o Failed : Include those instances with failed deployments.

          o Skipped : Include those instances with skipped deployments.

          o Unknown  :  Include those instances with deployments in an unknown
            state.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            Pending
            InProgress
            Succeeded
            Failed
            Skipped
            Unknown
            Ready

       --instance-type-filter (list)
          The set of instances in a blue/green deployment, either those in the
          original  environment  ("BLUE") or those in the replacement environ-
          ment ("GREEN"), for which you want to view instance information.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            Blue
            Green

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get information about deployment instances

       The following list-deployment-instances  example  displays  information
       about  all  deployment instances that are associated with the specified
       deployment.

          aws deploy list-deployment-instances \
              --deployment-id d-A1B2C3111 \
              --instance-status-filter Succeeded

       Output:

          {
              "instancesList": [
                  "i-EXAMPLE11",
                  "i-EXAMPLE22"
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       instancesList -> (list)
          A list of instance IDs.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          If a large amount of information is returned, an identifier is  also
          returned.  It  can be used in a subsequent list deployment instances
          call to return the next set of deployment instances in the list.



                                                   LIST-DEPLOYMENT-INSTANCES()
