ACKNOWLEDGE-JOB()                                            ACKNOWLEDGE-JOB()



NAME
       acknowledge-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about a specified job and whether that job has been
       received by the job worker. Used for custom actions only.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            acknowledge-job
          --job-id <value>
          --nonce <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-id (string)
          The unique system-generated ID of the job for which you want to con-
          firm receipt.

       --nonce (string)
          A  system-generated  random  number  that  AWS  CodePipeline uses to
          ensure that the job is being worked on by only one job  worker.  Get
          this  number  from  the  response  of  the  PollForJobs request that
          returned this job.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve information about a specified job

       This example returns information about a specified job,  including  the
       status  of that job if it exists. This is only used for job workers and
       custom actions. To determine the value of nonce and the job ID, use aws
       codepipeline poll-for-jobs.

       Command:

          aws codepipeline acknowledge-job --job-id f4f4ff82-2d11-EXAMPLE --nonce 3

       Output:

          {
            "status": "InProgress"
          }

OUTPUT
       status -> (string)
          Whether the job worker has received the specified job.



                                                             ACKNOWLEDGE-JOB()
