TEST-ROLE()                                                        TEST-ROLE()



NAME
       test-role -

DESCRIPTION
       The  TestRole operation tests the IAM role used to create the pipeline.

       The TestRole action lets you determine whether the  IAM  role  you  are
       using  has  sufficient  permissions  to  let Elastic Transcoder perform
       tasks associated with the transcoding process. The action  attempts  to
       assume the specified IAM role, checks read access to the input and out-
       put buckets, and tries to send a test notification to Amazon SNS topics
       that you specify.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            test-role
          --role <value>
          --input-bucket <value>
          --output-bucket <value>
          --topics <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role (string)
          The  IAM Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the role that you want Elas-
          tic Transcoder to test.

       --input-bucket (string)
          The Amazon S3 bucket that contains media files to be transcoded. The
          action attempts to read from this bucket.

       --output-bucket (string)
          The Amazon S3 bucket that Elastic Transcoder writes transcoded media
          files to. The action attempts to read from this bucket.

       --topics (list)
          The ARNs of one or more Amazon Simple Notification  Service  (Amazon
          SNS) topics that you want the action to send a test notification to.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Success -> (string)
          If the operation is successful, this value is true ; otherwise,  the
          value is false .

       Messages -> (list)
          If  the  Success  element contains false , this value is an array of
          one or more error messages  that  were  generated  during  the  test
          process.

          (string)



                                                                   TEST-ROLE()
