ASSIGN-INSTANCE()                                            ASSIGN-INSTANCE()



NAME
       assign-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Assign a registered instance to a layer.

       o You can assign registered on-premises instances to any layer type.

       o You can assign registered Amazon EC2 instances only to custom layers.

       o You cannot use this action with instances that were created with  AWS
         OpsWorks Stacks.
          Required  Permissions  :  To  use  this  action, an AWS Identity and
          Access Management (IAM) user must have a  Manage  permissions  level
          for  the  stack or an attached policy that explicitly grants permis-
          sions. For more information on user permissions, see  Managing  User
          Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            assign-instance
          --instance-id <value>
          --layer-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The instance ID.

       --layer-ids (list)
          The  layer  ID,  which must correspond to a custom layer. You cannot
          assign a registered instance to a built-in layer.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To assign a registered instance to a layer

       The following example assigns a registered instance to a custom  layer.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 assign-instance --instance-id 4d6d1710-ded9-42a1-b08e-b043ad7af1e2 --layer-ids 26cf1d32-6876-42fa-bbf1-9cadc0bff938

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Assigning a Registered Instance to a Layer in
       the AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             ASSIGN-INSTANCE()
