ASSOCIATE-ENTITY-TO-THING()                        ASSOCIATE-ENTITY-TO-THING()



NAME
       associate-entity-to-thing -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  device  with a concrete thing that is in the user's reg-
       istry.

       A thing can be associated with only one device at a time. If you  asso-
       ciate  a  thing  with a new device id, its previous association will be
       removed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-entity-to-thing
          --thing-name <value>
          --entity-id <value>
          [--namespace-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --thing-name (string)
          The name of the thing to which the entity is to be associated.

       --entity-id (string)
          The ID of the device to be associated with the thing.

          The ID should be in the following format.
              urn:tdm:REGION/ACCOUNT ID/default:device:DEVICENAME

       --namespace-version (long)
          The version of the user's namespace. Defaults to the latest  version
          of the user's namespace.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a thing with a device

       The following associate-entity-to-thing example associates a thing with
       a device. The example uses a motion sensor device that is in the public
       namespace.

          aws iotthingsgraph associate-entity-to-thing \
              --thing-name "MotionSensorName" \
              --entity-id "urn:tdm:aws/examples:Device:HCSR501MotionSensor"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Creating and Uploading Models in the AWS IoT
       Things Graph User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   ASSOCIATE-ENTITY-TO-THING()
